call_id_1
0 hey ! do you love cats ?
0 hey . . . i am a dog person , i have two
0 ah that is cool , i have two cats and got a collection of 1000 hats for them !
0 wow ! ! ! that is a lot lol
1 yeah , i have a weakness for cats and vanilla ice cream , they are the best !
1 my weakness is eating when i am bored
2 what is your favorite season ? mine is winter !
2 i am a summer girl
3 have you ever watched the olympics ? i won a gold medal in 1992 !
3 cool what did you win for ?
3 it was in the 100 meter dash ! i got 7 seconds !
3 wow ! ! i just run on my treadmill lol
3 nothing like a good exercise !
3 yes and i love the rower machine
3 row row row your boat gently down the stream , when you see a crocodile . . .
3 lol nursery r h y m e s
call_id_2
0 i love bunnies ! i wish i would open a bunny daycare or hotel .
1 that is a cool idea . how are you today ?
1 a little tired . worked all day today at the shipyard .
1 i just got back from school , not a big fan of it though .
2 you should join the military . i am ex military . girls love uniforms ;
2 i have never considered it . maybe it would help me make some more friends .
2 i joined the navy because i like navy blue , but infantry has sexy uniforms also .
2 i will definitely keep the in mind if i join .
3 i donate part of my salary to my bunny rescue . you should too .
3 do you have any bunnies ?
3 not anymore . i ate them all .
3 wow ! you have quite the appetite .
4 yeah , i like to eat . what do you do for a living ?
4 i am a receptionist at a dentist office
call_id_3
0 hi how are you tonight ?
0 i am worn out from work today . how are you ?
0 me too ! i am trying to train for a 5k
1 i used to run . i work at a convenience store .
1 oh well i am in high school but i know what i want to do
1 what do you want to do ?
1 i want to be a physical therapist
1 that sounds like a good job . i am the manager at the store that i work at .
1 that is cool . i try to make all straight as so i can achieve my goa
2 great ! do you like taylor swift ? i met her once .
2 yeah she is cool . she seems nice and her songs are catchy
3 i have her latest album in my car . i have a nissan .
3 nice ! hopefully i will get a car when i graduate
3 what kind of car do you want ?
call_id_4
0 hi , my name is kate and i am from ohio .
0 hello miss ! i m ben and i m grounded for not picking up my toys
1 i am sorry to hear that . do you like pizza ?
1 when mommy orders it . what do you like on your pizza ?
1 it is my favorite food . i really like it with black olives on it . you ?
2 i like the red stuff underneath the cheese ! how old are you ?
2 i am thirty years old and i work at a supermarket in my town .
2 is that where my parents pick up the food ?
2 i am not sure if it is the same one .
3 do you have any pets ?
3 i have a cat . his name is spook . what about you ?
3 i have a turtle . i named him leo
3 that is cool . how did you get a turtle ?
3 my best friend got it for me . he lives across he street
4 that was sweet of him . do you like music ?
4 i like what barney sings !
4 you may not know them , but the who is a great band !
4 daddy listens to them all the time !
call_id_5
0 hi . i do not like working as a car salesman .
1 i recently broke my arm so i am not working
1 what happened ? it is hard to do anything with a broken arm .
1 i blame my skateboarding friends
2 do you think 40 is too old to go back to school ?
2 yes , you should retire and learn to knit
3 no money . once i get paid my wife goes shopping . never get married .
3 good advise , thank you for that
4 where do you work ?
4 i try to avoid working at all
4 it is hard for me . i do not like telling people to buy something .
5 i just want to live free
5 nothing is free . unless you win the lottery .
5 it could happen one day
6 are you married or are you at home with your parents ?
6 anything is possible right ?
call_id_6
0 hi , i am taking a break from studying my computer programming
0 what is computer programming , i am new to the united states .
0 i am from india so i understand . it is telling computers how to run programs
1 cool , i was born in somalia , but my aunt helped me escape .
1 that was nice of her ! my aunt taught me how to swim
1 i had to get away , i was forced to marry young , but now i am happy
1 did you take your spouse with you ?
1 no , i had to escape him . it was not fun times .
1 i am sorry . i am glad you are safe now
2 thank you , do you do anything in your free time ?
2 i love death metal music . i listen and write some too .
2 death metal , is that the music you get whip lash from ?
3 yeah ! i also coach competitive swimming .
3 swimming is fun ! have you met any olympians ?
call_id_7
0 hi there how are you tonight ?
0 i am tired from milking the cows .
0 well i know i am strong for a 100 but i do not think i can do that
0 100 ? ! that is older then my dad ! would you make your son milk cows ?
0 yea because i sure cant do it
1 i would rather be coloring in my books ! do you like sports ?
1 yes i have love baseball all my life
2 i like to watch hockey with my dad . do you have any kids ?
2 yes 8 kids 24 grandkids and counting
3 wow ! i can not even count that high ! i have a pet though . do you ?
3 no but i should i heard they are great companions
4 dad got me a german sheperd to help on the farm . where do you live ?
4 in california but i want to move to france
4 france is a long ways away ! will you drive there ?
4 no way i would die on the way il fly there
5 do they let people as old as you on planes , mister ?
call_id_8
0 what do you do in your spare time ?
0 i recently quit my job , moved in to monastery to pursue my spirituality .
0 that is incredibly brilliant . congratulations
0 i appreciate that . are you a spiritual person , may i ask ?
0 yes i am actually . i became very close to god after surviving cancer
0 you are amazing . thank you for sharing .
0 you are as well . an inspiration . i must remember you when training my clients
0 what is it that you do ?
0 i actually just started as a life coach
0 peace be with you as you embark on your new journey
0 thank you . that means a lot to me
1 live in he wilderness of alaska now , we do not have many life coaches here .
1 it is very much needed . people need guidance
2 i agree fully . do you believe in meditation ? my meditation time has brought me much peace
2 i meditate right before i run a big marathon and it helps me keep my stamina .
2 good for you ! i have never ran a marathon , but i certainly admire your determination !
call_id_9
0 hello how are you this fine day ?
0 i am good ! counting the days till i can move out . and you ?
0 i am playing some role playing games online today . i love the internet , probably too much !
0 my job at burger king is taking away all of my video game time .
0 i work in fast food also .
0 my coworkers are always complaining i burn the burgers . you are not my parents !
0 i tried to go to school to be a vet . i hated it !
1 do you drink or do drugs ?
2 i do not . do you dye your hair ? i do every 3 months .
2 ok good . but why dye your hair ? that is , like , drugs for your hair .
2 i love to dye it blue . red reminds me of blood and i faint from that !
2 blue ! ? blue ! ? i hate blue ! ree ! ! !
2 what color should i dye it ?
2 black , like my soul . i am very depressed from working at burger king .
2 that is deep . i could do black . my natural hair color is blond .
2 blond is perfectly fine . you should just keep it like that .
call_id_10
0 hello , how are you doing today ?
1 okay . i go to school . i like disney world .
1 oh i love disney world . it has a beach nearby and i love the beach .
2 do you like playing on the swings at the playground ?
3 i normally do not go to the playgrounds much anymore . how old are you ?
3 i am nine years old . how old are you ?
3 oh ! i am 27 years old . i am also an elementary school teacher .
4 what grade do you teach ? i am in third . do you like mickey mouse ?
4 i teach 4th grade . i love mickey mouse . i decorate my classroom with him
4 i bet you would love disney world . do you ever go ?
4 someday i would like to . i am saving up . have you ever been ?
4 every year . i am lucky . would you like to go with me ?
4 oh that is a sweet offer . you have to ask your parents first !
4 my dad will take you . he has lot of money . where are your vacations ?
4 i do not take many . i play board games mostly . . . teachers do not make much money
5 i will ask my dad . do you play video games ? i like them .
call_id_11
0 hello ! how are you doing today ?
0 hi . i am doing great . thanks for asking . and you ?
0 i am doing great ! i am just building a model house
0 cool . i volunteer at various places at the moment
0 that is nice , what places ?
0 church , high school tutoring , publishing houses
1 i work part time because i cant leave my cats alone long
1 wow . how many cats do you have ?
1 i have a total of 5 cats
2 nice . what do you think of someone growing up poor ?
2 i honestly think it makes them a better person
2 well i asked because i grew up poor during several periods
2 i am sorry to hear . at least your living !
3 yes , it is well . enough about me . how about your favorite past times ?
3 i just like to spend time with my cats
4 ok . what about favorite foods ? cheeseburgers ?
call_id_12
0 hey , what are you planning for today ?
0 oh not much , my name is heather and just looking to chat with people
0 i like chatting too , it is how i got homecoming queen talking to everyone
1 what is your name and do you have any hobbies ?
1 kris , i run , training to run a k , how about yourself any hobbies ?
2 ha , ha that is funny my husband was homecoming king in high school
3 how long are you married ? did you go to college ?
4 i like books . not much time now that i am going to have a baby
4 oh congrats ! i read a lot need , the a hope to be a physical therapist
4 i got my degree from college , i have been married for 3 years
4 cool , i want so badly to finish high school and go to college
5 so how old are you kris ?
5 17 , but feels older . how about you ?
5 do not be so eager to grow up its not as fun as you may think
5 i know but you get to make your own decisions
5 i am 27 and wish i was 17 again ha ha
call_id_13
0 hey ! how are you doing today ?
0 hi ! doing great . where are you from ?
0 i am from the south in the us . what about you ?
0 i live in hawaii and i work from home .
1 beautiful place . i have a dog walking business . do you have pets ?
1 it is . i love it here . i have 2 dogs they love it here too .
1 good to talk to a fellow dog lover ! we have three .
2 awesome ! will you dress them up for halloween ?
2 yeah , we will go all out this year ! do you have any plans ?
2 we are gonna watch a bunch of horror movies . have you seen the new it ?
2 have not gotten the chance , maybe this week . you a big horror movie buff ?
2 horror movies are my favorite !
2 perfect time of the year for them !
2 my thoughts exactly . nice chatting , have a great day !
call_id_14
0 what do you do for work ?
0 i am a school teacher , who about you ?
0 i work on my parents farm
0 i bet that is hard work
0 it is , but its a lifestyle
1 true do you have any hobbies outside of the farm ?
1 i love listening to country music , its the best genre
1 i love photography and foreign language
1 those sound like fun hobbies
1 they are very simple but enjoyable
2 do you have any pets ?
2 unfortunately no , do you have any ?
2 yes , a cow . it seems strange , but they are the best pets !
2 now that is unusual but interesting .
call_id_15
0 hi how are you today
0 i am doing well how about you ?
0 doing good just waiting on the baby birth
0 aww congratulations . it must be exciting .
0 we are having triplets so very excited
0 ow wow now that will be hard task
0 yeah do you have kids ?
0 no i sadly do not . i never been one to hold a steady relationship
0 i just got remarried with step children
0 and now you are having triplets . now that will be a huge family
1 and i work at a school so kids everywhere
1 are you a teacher ? or work in administration ?
1 i am a teacher where do you work ?
1 i am self employed . what subject do you teach
1 i teach early childhood
1 that is cool . my mother is actually the chair of and education department
call_id_16
0 hello . how is it going today ?
0 good , studying the lsat today . how about you ?
0 i am good . i have a big home library if you are interested .
1 really ? i am wanting to be an attorney . where are you from
1 new mexico . i am a tour guide at a local museum there .
1 i used to live in nm ! i lived in a small town outside abq .
1 cool . i love living here . i am partially deaf and people are understanding .
2 they are . we had horses , do you ride ?
3 no . i prefer to hang out in the mall . i love drinking fancy tea .
3 tea i am more of a coffee gal , have to study late .
3 that makes sense . soon you will be a lawyer , right ?
4 i hope , have to get good scores first . how is your museum ?
4 it is a small one but we get quite a lot of visitors because entrance is free .
4 neat . i grew up with horses , is there anything about horses there ?
call_id_17
0 hi . do you like country music ?
0 it is ok . i prefer rock
0 i am a country singer . i wish i was a rock singer though .
0 that is cool . are you famous ?
0 yes , but due to my record contract , i cannot tell you my name . are you famous ?
0 only at my high school . i just won homecoming queen actually
0 congratulations . i did not go to school because of my musical career . is your crown nice ?
1 it is gorgeous ! what do you do for fun ?
1 go to national parks . think about what i missed out on in high school . you ?
1 i run all the time . i want to run a 10k one day .
1 i believe in you . are you on the track team ?
1 yes i am . but i want to be a physical therapist when i am an adult
1 i want to be a rock singer .
1 you should go for it !
call_id_18
0 hello ! how are you doing today ?
0 i am great . third grade is tiring though even though i do not have any responsibilities .
1 funny . well , beats being alone , recluse that i am .
1 i am hermit . i am like mickey mouse without disney land .
1 oh . like me . i do not go out much because of my water allergy
1 so i guess your name is not neptune .
2 no . adam . i am famous for my twitch streaming .
3 i do not video games because i am always at the playground with all my classmates
4 it is fun ! i helped make starcraft . have you played it ?
4 no . i have played halo it is fun .
5 indeed . now i am into building robots now though .
5 robots may take over the world
5 sure . i am building one to be my body double . is that not fun ?
5 i wish there was two of me so i could be double trouble .
call_id_19
0 how are you doing today
0 i am good ! grading papers all day , you ?
0 i am alright just recording
0 what are you recording ? that sounds interesting .
0 music in my studio my kids like it
0 do you like the band up ? i saw them once .
0 i used to . i am into newer stuff now
0 i cannot wait to go to the beach on vaca this year .
0 have you been there before
0 i try to go every year with my parents . they were teachers too .
0 all in the family career wise nice
0 yeah , i followed in their footsteps .
0 you must have a lot to talk to them about
0 sometimes . the little kids i teach always make or a good story .
0 i am sure that they do
1 what else do you enjoy ?
call_id_20
0 good evening from alabama ! where are you at ?
0 hi , i am in nevada . i am listening to country music .
1 tacos are my favorite , do you have any great food trucks there ?
1 yes we do , i am a store manager and we sell really good tacos .
1 my three sisters would love that . my brother , not so much .
2 taylor swift walked into my store the other day ! it was awesome !
2 i am not fond of her . i think i would have escaped .
2 really ? i cut my hair like hers short and brown .
2 i prefer metal . i do not like country at all .
2 i like metal too but the old school , like lyda ford .
2 i love her and ozzy in close your eyes . it is one of my favorites .
3 oh man you hit the spot ! i play it loud in my nissan pathfinder .
3 i drive a jeep wrangler . i mix it up with tupac .
3 california knows how to party !
3 true that ! somewhere between psalms 31 and tupac is me , lol
3 i am more like john 316 and cypress hill .
call_id_21
0 hello , how are you doing this afternoon ? do you like metal music ?
0 i am good and no i like country
1 i love america , i have only been here two years , i am from india .
1 cool ! i have not traveled much since my transplant
1 i am sorry , are you okay ?
1 i am yes , when i was born my heart was on the outside
1 what was that like ? i am a boring computer student .
1 it was crazy growing up i could not play like most boys
1 that is so sad . i loved my childhood playing with my friends .
1 i bet , i learned to do magic like moving things with my mind
2 that is very interesting , can you swim ?
2 yes i enjoy swimming a lot
2 i am a coach , if you need to brush up on your skills , let me know .
2 thank you for the offer , i could use some pointers
2 you are most welcome . we all must do our part to make the world better .
2 i agree with you ! i like helping at animal shelters
call_id_22
0 i love to play guitar , i was only three when i started
0 my parents were killed by a clown when i was three . i was then adopted
1 hi , how are you ? do you like country music ? i am a singer .
1 it is alright . i am more of a pop fan myself
1 sad , i am sorry , did they every caught the clown ?
1 no . now i get scared whenever i see one
1 lets be happy and not think about that , i love national parks
1 i recently got a job ! now i work at a gas station
2 do you like rascal flats ? they are my favorite band .
2 not really . but my adopted dad likes them
2 now that is something happy to talk about ! i work in the industry
2 what industry do you work in ?
3 okay , so tell me more about yourself
3 i am single . though my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates
3 in the factory , that is what i mean
3 cool . what do you make ?
call_id_23
0 i am addicted to the internet that is why i want to work from home
0 i love the internet it makes me think i can over take the world
0 it is a dream to work from home and play role play games
0 yes i use to paint for job . but now i am a maid or housekeeper
0 i know how you feel , i do not like being a veterinarian
0 at 56 i am looking forward to retirement
0 do you see blood as a maid ? it makes me faint .
0 i see just about everything no blood though .
0 you are too young to retire , what you going to do ?
0 i may visit my grown children since they never visit me .
1 that is so good to know , it really scares me
2 as a older woman i wish i could have plastic surgery .
3 it is good that you visit them , you do your part
4 i use to be wrinkle free but the years of time are not kind
4 why is that ? natural is beauty .
4 yes but it is hard to look at sagging skin and eyes
call_id_24
0 do you want to hear something strange ?
0 sure ! i would love to ! what is it ?
0 i am due to have my fifth set of twins in two months !
1 wow . my boyfriend would go crazy . we just moved into a house .
1 we just bought our first home . we were living in a two bedroom apartment before .
1 nice . i enjoy taking walks around my neighbor hood .
1 i wish i had time for walks . my job at the bank keeps me busy .
2 yeah . i get busy too . all i ever eat is hamburgers and french fries
2 oh my ! that is a poor diet .
2 yah bi i never drink any soda . i do not like it
2 well that is good . i have not had soda since before i got pregnant .
2 oh ok . good for you then !
3 we should go on a walk together sometime .
3 sure ! i would love that !
call_id_25
0 what do you like to do in your free time ?
0 hi ! well , i usually like to take care of my looks hair , nail , tanning .
1 what do you do as a profession ?
1 i do not have one yet , i am thinking about college . what about you ?
1 ah , i see . well , i have two jobs , but my side job is the interesting one .
1 tell me about the interesting one . what is it like ?
1 i am an actor of sorts . . . a stunt double ! it is really interesting work .
1 wow , i have never met an actor ! you must be very fit .
2 surprisingly enough , too , i have never broken a bone . tell me something else about yourself .
2 well , i seem to always be on a diet . . . even though i love food . . .
2 could you tell me more about that ?
2 i want to look my best . exercising alone does not seem to cut it .
3 i guess that does make sense . do you like to read ?
3 not really . school was so boring , and they forced us to read boring stuff .
3 reading was boring to me in school , too . but i read lots now .
3 what do you read ? my sister says fantasy novels are the best .
call_id_26
0 good evening . what are you up to ?
0 hello , how are you ? i am well . i like to shop for shoes and watches .
0 i do not shop much . prefer to relax at home with my cow .
1 what do you do ? i am work for a watch dealer .
1 no wonder you like watches ! i am a commercial electrician
1 wonderful ! yeah , however , my family does not support my choice of career .
1 why not ? family is important .
2 i am not sure why they do not . do you like cars ?
2 i do ! i love trucks especially . i drive a big f 250
2 lovely truck ! i dream of owning a rolls royce ghost one day .
3 that would be lovely . do you like music too ? or just cars ?
3 i enjoy both . i like all kinds of music .
3 i only like country . play it all day on the farm .
3 there are some great country music songs out at the moment . i prefer old stuff .
4 i feel you . do you have any other hobbies ?
4 i mostly just take care of my children . nice meeting you . goodnight .
call_id_27
0 hey there buddy boy boyo
0 hello , you have any hobbies ?
0 i can listen to britney spears all day
0 awesome i like listening to it while i play tennis .
1 i love to spend money that i did not earn
1 oh , i see that a lot in my insurance office .
1 what do you do for a living ?
1 since i was fired i found a job in insurance .
1 what is the pay like ?
1 it is ok , but my dad made a ton before he passed away .
1 i am sorry . at least he is in a better place now .
1 it is ok , i was pretty young when it happened .
2 do you like to tan ?
2 i normally get tanned from playing softball which i love .
2 i am too lazy to play sports
2 oh , deal i love playing sports .
call_id_28
0 hi there , i am bob .
0 hi there . how are you tonight ?
0 i am amazing as always .
0 you like skiing ? i love skiing . i love anything to with winter actually .
1 i spend so much money
1 i spend my extra money on hats . what do you buy ?
1 britney spears and her old clothing
1 i own over 1000 hats . how much britney do you own ?
1 i buy her sweaty clothes
1 do you protect them ? my cats would have a ball tearing that up .
1 ha , well , that would be fun to watch
2 so what is your greatest weakness ? mine is vanilla ice cream .
2 i think it is chocolate waffles
2 chocolate waffles with vanilla ice cream ! yum ! !
2 i am on a diet
2 i got over diets after the olympics .
call_id_29
0 hey , my name is cory and i have 3 dogs and own a dog walking business .
0 hello , my name if bebe a mom of 4
1 hello , bebe do you like to watch the olympics ?
1 yes every now and then .
1 which olympic sports do you like to watch ?
1 i love watching baseball or american football
2 cool , tell me a little about yourself ?
2 i am a african american woman the age of 30
2 awesome , i am a white dude in an open relationship .
2 so when you say open meaning exactly what ?
2 polyamorous meaning me and my boyfriend do stuff with more than one person .
2 oh okay so are you bisexual or completely gay ?
2 i am completely gay and my boyfriend is bisexual .
2 oh okay well that is good you open about it some people are not
2 yeah , i am very open minded its whatever makes the person happy .
2 that is apart of being true to yourself
call_id_30
0 hello from trooper and i . we are in colorado , he is a lab .
0 hello ! i am addicted to the internet and play roleplaying games all day
0 i hike and rock climb . getting out of the house is important to me .
0 really ? because working from home is my dream
1 i have a home office . i went to school for mechanical engineering .
1 i did go to school to be a vet but i did not like it
1 i would like that . i love animals .
2 yeah , my hair is purple because i dye it every 3 months
2 mine is red , i do not dye mine .
3 interesting ! speaking of red , when i see blood i faint
3 not me . i am cool in a crisis .
3 lucky man , i hope to be someday
4 i am a girl . we are engineers too , lol
4 of course ! girls are just as smart !
4 that we are . we are princesses and superheros .
4 absolutely ! could not agree more !
call_id_31
0 hi ! do you like horses ? i love horses !
1 horses are great i am george i farm bees
1 so you must live in the country then ? i grew up in a small town .
2 i did bu i am not close to my family
3 oh . i actually am wanting to be a lawyer . working now to save up money for school
3 my wife is a model . i met her in italy . she wants to be a lawyer too .
3 has she started school yet ? i am not married yet . focusing on trying to get my education .
4 no not yet she studies for the lsat . what is your favorite food ? mine is papaya
4 i have never had papaya ! i love potatoes . mashed , fried , boiled , just love them
5 single irish lawyer . nice . anything else on your mind ?
5 just cannot wait to get out of this small town and move to a bigger city .
5 good luck with moving and your studies
5 good luck with the bees , and good luck to your wife on the lawyer deal
5 thanks just livin the dream of a humble bee keeping celebrity husband
6 lol . how is it being the husband of a model ? ?
6 my wife is an italian super model
call_id_32
0 i spend my extra time dancing
1 i am not good at dancing too big and clumsy . i can pet the bunnies though .
2 i was raised in somalia but now living in u . s .
3 i have a job in the shipyard when i am not volunteering to pet the bunnies .
4 do you have an aunt
4 nope . did yours save you when you were forced to marry someone ?
4 no no huh my aunt help get me to the u . s .
5 i donate my money from the shipyard to the bunny rescue . they let me pet the bunnies .
6 all my time is on dancing i love it
7 i like navy blue . it is my favorite color even though bunnies are not ever blue .
8 do ou own a bunny
8 lenny will not let me have a bunny .
8 it was nice meeting you and the bunnies
8 one day i will haves me a farm and get to tend the bunnies .
8 that would be great to have a bunny
8 yes . i will love and pet and hug them .
call_id_33
0 hi how are you today ?
0 olympian gold medalist here what is up !
1 i like to play with dolls . what do you do ?
1 gymnastics for about 4 hours a day great work out .
2 my age is 4 . how old are you ?
3 great whats your favorite color ? mine is yellow
3 i really like the color red .
4 like pizza ! i like italian food oh garlic bread .
5 i hate to clean so i do not pick up my toys . do you ?
5 i do not have toys but i do workout .
6 nice . next door is where my best friend lives . how about yours ?
6 i do not have friends my only love is for the garlic bread .
6 lol . who needs friends when you have garlic bread ?
6 and gym membership cant forget the gym membership .
call_id_34
0 hello . how are you today friend ?
0 hello , i am george , i am doing well . how are you ?
0 i am well also . do you like music ?
0 i do ! what kind do you like ?
1 my parents do not support me but i want to be a musician .
1 oh that is too bad . i am not close to any of my family either .
1 i want to make it big . i sing folk music and play piano and guitar
1 i like isolation , which is why i became a bee farmer .
1 that is interesting . i have a custodian job . it pays the bills i guess
1 my wife is the bill payer . as an italian super model she makes the big money .
2 wow that is awesome ! do you like music ?
3 i love music ! what is your favorite food ? mine is papaya .
3 crabs or lobster . it is to close to call !
3 oh both good choices !
3 i love seafood . do you like it ?
3 i do like it a lot , especially shrimp !
call_id_35
0 hi how are you doing
0 hey ! good , how are you
0 i am good just dropped my kids off at school
1 aww nice , i work in few hours . i work in construction . . love building houses
2 that is cool where do you live
2 i live in australia , yourself ?
2 cali but i do not like being outside
3 oh that is bad . . why ? do you have any pet ?
3 no thy are a lot of work
3 i have five cats . . they are so special !
3 that is nice do you have a favorite
3 nah . . love them all ! my father loved pets . . i learnt all bout cats from him
3 that is cool are they inside or outside cats
3 they are inside , they are part of he family
call_id_36
0 hello how is it going ?
0 hi . i am doing well , plotting to take over the world .
0 haha i have read a book about that once
1 my kids do not visit , so i have a lot of time on my hands , after work .
1 oh my kid days are over finally
1 mine are too . i am 56 .
2 do you get to travel a lot ? i am 60
2 no , i used too when i was younger and a painter .
3 very sad kids do not visit as they should
3 no , they never do . i guess they are embarrassed about me not being pretty .
4 who is your favorite artist ? i am sure u look well
4 diego , he used to paint me . before freda came along .
4 haha you like cubism i take it ?
5 i spent a lot of time on the island , before the embargo
call_id_37
0 good morning how old are you i am 34
0 i am much older than that . my grandchildren are in their thirties
1 do you have any pets ? my two dogs are my everything .
1 no pets . i am retired so i love to travel . pets would slow me down
1 i understand that . my idea of travel is a long hot bubble bath .
1 i used to take a lot of bubble baths when i was recovering from cancer
1 did your cancer get cured ?
1 i did ! feels great to be alive
2 that is wonderful ! do you play chess ?
2 i do not . do you ?
2 i do , it is one of my hobbies . what do you do for fun ?
3 i spoil my grandkids . they want me to get a smartphone , do you think i should ?
4 i think it depends on the kid . however all or none . are you married ?
4 i am . are you married ?
4 no i am single . some day the right person will come along .
4 do you date much ? you have to put yourself out there
call_id_38
0 hello , how are you this evening ?
0 hello how are you today ?
0 i am doing well , thank you . playing online chess , how are you ?
1 i am chillin , do you have any pets ?
1 i have two dogs , they are watching my bath run .
1 i like chocolate , do they ?
1 oh no , chocolate is bad for dogs .
2 why i am only 4 here
2 it makes them very sick .
3 change of subject , what is your favorite color ?
3 i love purple , what is yours ?
3 i love red , reminds me of summer time .
3 summer is my favorite season .
4 i have a best friend
4 i do too , i have known mine for over thirty years .
5 i really like waffles too
call_id_39
0 hello . how are you doing today ?
0 i am well , how are you ?
0 i am wonderful . i just won a gold medal in the olympics .
0 wow , that is impressive . what sport ?
0 the sport is gymnastics . it is so my favorite .
0 that is so cool . i like working with electronics myself .
0 i wore a yellow leotard with sparkles and i have everything yellow .
0 i take it yellow is your favorite color ?
1 yes it sure is . i had italian food and garlic bread for a year .
1 like , you mean that is all you ate for an entire year ?
1 yes . it sure is . i love it . i cannot get enough .
1 i had spaghetti with vegetarian italian sausage and garlic bread last night . it was so good .
2 cool . i did hardcore exercise four hours everyday .
2 that is a lot of exercising . i hate exercising . i just work on my robot most days .
2 are we finished ? i think we are .
2 i sure hope so . i want this to be over .
call_id_40
0 hi ! i hope your day is going well . how are you ?
0 i am just watching a documentary on the vietnam war . you ?
0 just listening to some music and playing video games .
1 awesome . i am cooking some burgers on the grill . cheeseburgers are my fave
1 i love a good burger , but i try hard to stay thin and in shape .
1 i am all about fitness . i used to be a gym teacher
2 did you have a special uniform ? i love my skinny jeans and leggings .
2 just loose fitting clothing . that is about it
2 i like band shirts , especially with ruffled sleeves .
3 i was too poor to afford anything really growing up
3 is life better for you now ?
3 yes . i serve food to the poor because of what i went through
3 truly that is a great way to give back . i admire you .
3 thank you so much . it is always great to volunteer for a cause .
call_id_41
0 hi ! i am from india . where are you from ?
0 i m from portland or . i just got back from a long walk
0 haha i just got back from coaching swimming at the pool . walking where ?
1 i like to walk in parks for good health . no soft drinks for me either !
1 i love soft drinks when i study computer programming . i wish i could cut it off .
1 i love sodas with my burgers and fries but i m trying to watch sugar intake
1 why in particular sugar ? swimming is a good way to burn off calories .
1 sodas in us made with high fructose corn syrup . bad for you !
1 very bad but once in a while it is okay !
1 nah . i want to stay cute and lean for my boyfriend who s a model
2 i wish i had a boyfriend . all i have is my death metal music .
2 i won t allow death metal music to be played in my house !
2 why not ? as long as it is not too loud !
2 my boyfriend and i share a house and he has a very sensitive psychic cat
2 a psychic cat ? i would love to know more about that .
2 he can tell when bad things are going to happen by howling loudly
call_id_42
0 hello , how are you doing today ?
0 i am good . you ? my family goes to disney world yearly . you sing ?
0 i do . have you ever seen the movie frozen ?
0 yes ! frozen songs are my fave . i am in third grade . what grade you in ?
0 i am kind of a psychic . do you love mickey mouse ?
0 get out ! i love mickey . my friend and i sing frozen songs during playground time .
0 i know . like i said . psychic . . .
0 great ! okay tell me what i am thinking now ? go !
0 you are singing a song from frozen in your head .
1 wow ! not ! okay psychic , give me six lottery numbers .
1 that is too much power . i cannot do that .
1 oh ! could you try ? heres six for you . 12 , 49 , 34 , 62 , 7 and 19 .
1 12 5 76 34 8 45
2 great ! i will in fourth grade soon . you dance ?
call_id_43
0 hi ! i am travis and my sons are really active kids
0 oh ? maybe i can tutor the , i have a gold medal from the olympics !
0 joey , sam , nate , carl play little league baseball that i coach .
0 aw , i am more into gymnastics . i train four hours daily .
1 i own a mini van that i drive around .
1 me too ! mine is yellow , my favorite color .
2 that is cool . mine is off blue . and i drink a lot of coffee
2 i cup back my coffee intake to stay fit .
3 i also drink wine in the evenings
3 are you a red or a white drinker ?
3 red wines is what i enjoy
3 i do as well , full bodied reds are great .
3 i mean if you say so .
3 it is an acquired taste .
3 it is but i do enjoy it
3 well , i should be off . i need to train more .
call_id_44
0 hello , how are you this morning ?
0 not good . things in my life are not going well .
0 i am so sorry to hear that . have you tried listening to taylor swift ?
0 music is not going to bring my wife and kids back !
0 it will help with your depression , country music does this for me .
0 since they left all i do is work and play games on facebook .
1 do you work ? i am a manager at a convenience store .
1 i do have a boring job . do you go to church ? i am a non believer .
1 no , i am pagan . nature is my church .
2 maybe my wife will come back if i lose weight . any suggestions ?
2 cardio and weight lifting . as for your wife , counseling may help .
3 i used to ride bikes with my kids alot . do you have kids ?
3 no , i do not . only dogs .
3 i have heard pets can help with depression . what breeds do you own ?
3 springer spaniel and a labrador retriever .
3 do they make you happy ?
call_id_45
0 how are you doing this evening ?
0 i am doing well . i am so close to achieving my dream .
0 what is your dream ? mine is to meet mickey mouse .
0 i grew up in a small town and want to live in the city .
1 i am in the 3rd grade . do you go to school ?
1 i did when i was little . i finished school and am a lawyer .
2 do you like the movie frozen ?
2 i have never seen it before . what is it about ?
2 2 girls . there is a lot of singing and i know all the words .
2 oh very nice . are there horses ? i like horses .
2 there is reindeer that acts like a horse .
2 interesting . my family had a horse farm when i was little .
2 ohh i bet that was fun !
2 it was , my grandparents did it too .
call_id_46
0 good morning . my name is sophie . i just turned four . what is your name ?
0 my name is john . i am in my early thirties
1 hi john . i like chocolate . do you ?
1 no . i do not have money to spend on chocolate . my wife takes it all
1 she should share ! i like to share my blocks and sing songs about letters .
2 she does not share . we are a getting a divorce . what is your favorite song
2 the abc song is my favorite . people have a hard time understanding , but i love to talk .
3 my job is selling cars . do you like cars ?
3 i do . but i want to be a dog when i grow up .
3 i do not like my job . i should try to be a dog too
3 you should ! ruff , ruff ! bye now !
3 bye have a good day at school
3 you try to have a good day at work .
3 i will try to sell lots of cars today
3 i will try to learn the alphabet !
3 always start with a and end with z
call_id_47
0 hi there how are you ?
0 good i am studying to be a lawyer right now
0 wow that is awesome i am trying to relax having triplets in 90 days
0 wow ! are they girls or boys ?
0 all boys so please pray for me lol
1 i will ! are you from a big or small town ? small town for me
1 small as well everyone knows everyone here
2 generations of my family had horse farms . i was raised on one
2 i rode one when i was 5 but i do not remember i only have a pic
2 i ride them all the time
2 your but does not get sore ?
2 it does but you get used to it lol
3 lol i do not know i am barely getting used to this country
3 what country are you from ?
3 spain but i had already been here just not to live my school hired me ft
3 that is cool what do you do ?
call_id_48
0 hello , how are you tonight ?
0 ok . since alabama , my home team , won saturday night .
0 i am an ohio state fan . do you skate ?
0 no . too busy with all of my 19 dogs and 3 sisters .
0 oh wow . that is a lot of dogs .
0 yes love them almost as my tacos . no i love my dogs more .
1 my fiance makes a killer fish taco with cilantro lime slaw .
1 wow . my sisters and i love chicken tacos .
2 those are good too , i live in cali . along the ocean .
2 i live in middle of alabama . do not get to ocean much .
2 i could not stand to live inland , the ocean runs through my veins .
3 yes . i want to go more but no one to stay with 19 dogs .
3 maybe someone will come and dog sit for you .
3 maybe each sister could take six dogs each and foxy go with me .
3 there you go . where there is a will , there is a way .
3 that is right . and take my tacos .
call_id_49
0 hello , i finally got a chance to use the internet ! tell me about yourself .
0 hey , good for you ! me ? well , i love my cats . all five of them , lol .
1 i want to see my cat ! at least my moms is visiting soon . have you been arrested ?
1 arrested ? ! ? you think so . . . lol . no , they have not caught me yet .
1 i am in here for shoplifting , with a month to go . what have you got away with ?
1 my dad taught me a lot . even how to stay out of jail , fortunately ! lol . .
2 i wish i knew my dad . do you have any tips for staying out of trouble ?
2 sure . do not do drugs . do not be stupid . get married and obey your wife . simple .
3 sounds kind of boring ! what do you do for fun ?
3 lol . i play with my cats . what could be funner ? ! ?
3 i was caught stealing a new toy for my cat , so that does not help . p
3 haha . you do not need to steal a toy . cats can play with string , right ?
4 mine is spoiled , only wants the best ! do you have kids ?
4 no kids . i work construction and cant afford them . plus no girls love me .
5 no i feel like i am older then you ! want any tips on getting girls ?
5 yes please ! working construction , i whistle at lots of girls , but no luck .
call_id_50
0 hello there how are you today
0 i am good . i am just taking a break from unpacking
1 oh okay that is good . so tell me about yourself
1 i am a bartender . i use the money to pay for my school
1 cool . i am currently not working but i help out at food bank sometimes
1 that is very kind of you to do so
2 yeah i try . do you have any pets ?
2 no unfortunately not , but this is a new apartment . i might get a cat
2 oh okay i actually have a cat and a dog
2 how sweet ! what are their names ?
2 leo and jazzy . they are fun to have
2 very cute names . what do you look like ?
2 i am 5 foot 7 , average weight with curly hair . you ?
2 i have ice blue eyes and platinum blonde hair
call_id_51
0 hi there , how is it going ?
0 it is going very well
1 i am going to a gig tonight . do you like music ?
1 my baby does . she kicks every time .
1 bless her ! no kids here . more of a dog man .
1 there is nothing wrong with that
1 do you have any pets ? my pit bull charlie needs a friend .
1 no . i am working on the kids
1 working on them ? that sounds painful !
1 it will be when i go in labor
1 how long have you got ?
1 a couple of weeks hopefully
1 close , then ! i bet you are excited . nervous ?
1 i am trying to read the pain away
2 that reminds me of a song by peaches . . . do you know it ?
2 no i do not . is that an old band .
call_id_52
0 did you have to work today ?
1 no , not today , do you like sailing ?
1 not really , thinking of spending the day playing with my dog .
1 sounds fun , i will be studying art and eating fish and chips , are you working ?
1 talking about fish chips is making me hungry for fish tacos !
2 christopher columbus is my ancestor , so i am sailing to europe again this year
2 how cool ! i do not have to work either . are you seeing family today ?
3 i study art so i like to view it in europe . my family lives far away
3 i will see two of my four siblings today . what type of art ?
4 realism is the best , why does it take so long for you to respond ?
4 i am wordy ? and slow internet .
5 lol , i see , what kind of dog do you have
5 a mutt the best and most loyal dog ever !
5 dogs are my third favorite behind art and fish and chips . i have one
call_id_53
0 hey , how are you ? i was just daydreaming about my favorite car .
0 i am good . just came back from mountain biking .
1 i rode a bike to work today , speaking of which want to buy a watch ?
1 not really . i would buy a cup of coffee though .
1 i should have been a barista . . . my dad makes fun of my career choice all the time .
1 do you sell watches ?
1 i do . but i spend all my paychecks on more watches . and shoes .
2 interesting job . do you drink ?
2 i subside entirely on royal crown cola .
2 that is funny . my favorite drink is a cup of coffee
2 if i collect enough empty cans i can sell them for a rolls royce .
2 that would be a lot of cans .
2 it is not like i have it any other way , i am paid entirely in broken watches .
2 i do not understand that . how are you paid in broken watches ?
call_id_54
0 hello , how are you today ?
0 tired . spent all night trying to do algebra homework i don t understand .
1 oh no , how old are you . i am 60 , retiring in a few years .
1 13 . i have an older brother who is 17 .
2 nice , i love kids , i work as a librarian
2 i like our school librarian . she s also our soccer coach . really nice .
3 that is great , does your family like to travel ? i do
3 no . not too much . i take a school bus but we mostly stay at home . except thanksgiving
3 i have been to spain a few times , where do you go for thanksgiving ?
3 my grandma frankie s house . my mom s mom who lives in ojai .
3 that sounds like fun , with lots of good food
3 not really . she s a bad cook and we end up getting pollo loco a lot
3 oh no ! but you still have to love grandma lol
3 i love my grandma frankie . but she has whiskers that hurt my face when she hugs me
3 haha , you sound like a great kid .
3 i guess . i only wish theda thorpe would go steady with me .
call_id_55
0 hey how are you today ?
1 i am great . you have any animals ?
1 horses on the farm and you
1 three dogs , i have a business dealing with dogs .
1 that is good what dogs name . horses keep me busy .
1 i do no have names since one part of my job is walking them .
1 walking is relaxing enjoy to relax after a long day
1 well , i already walk a ton being a salesman .
2 what you like to sale and exercise is good
2 all kinds , but would rather be watching the olympics than walking .
2 tv relax me after a long day outside
2 yes , plus its a full house seeing as i am in a polyamorous relationship .
2 oh my a lot going on music is loud
3 yes , but following my dads footsteps going door to door selling .
3 money is always nice just enjoy the country life
3 yes i agree you are soo right !
call_id_56
0 hey , what is your favorite band ?
0 my favorite band is metallica . i have liked them since high school .
0 radical ! mine is the rolling stones . i see them in concert every year .
1 very cool . what is your work out routine these days ?
1 i love to work out , and i eat a completely raw diet to complement it . you ?
1 i try to hit the gym regularly . i like the treadmill and rowing machine .
1 ooh , i love the rowing machine . are you going to school at all ?
2 no . all done with school . are you a student ?
2 yes , and i am majoring in economics . what did you go for ?
2 marketing . so is it hard to keep up with a raw diet ?
2 yeah , it can get expensive . i recently bought a house and need to watch my spending .
3 nice chatting with you . i am going to get a short haircut now .
3 that sounds nice . i should definitely get a haircut soon as well .
3 how long is your hair now ?
3 it is past my armpits , haha ! it can get unruly . how long is yours ?
3 i keep it short all the time .
call_id_57
0 hi , how are you doing ?
0 hi , i am doing well , how are you ?
0 cant complain . i had a wonderful afternoon in the park .
0 oh , that is nice . i like being in parks especially in nice weather
1 yes . the weather is perfect here now . what do you like to do ?
1 i like to watch nascar racing and sometimes ufc
1 that sounds fun ! i have time to do that since i am out of work right now .
2 how long have you been working at your current place ?
2 i worked as a doctor in the er for 15 years .
2 oh that is nice , i like to be in the medical field someday .
2 and what do you do ?
2 i work as an usher at an orchestra theatre since i was sixteen years old
2 i would love working near music .
2 yeah it is nice . do you have a favorite band ?
call_id_58
0 hello there , how are you ?
0 i am well and you ? in honor of aim i will ask a s l
1 45 m chicago in town . just trying to stay away from the bars
2 i am 37 f tampa . i like my walks on the beach and cheeseburgers in paradise .
3 funny thing is i came from farm life
3 i was named after a horse . my boyfriend likes to may nay sounds at me .
3 sounds like the crazy medicine i take
3 just do not mix with alcohol or can get crazy around here .
3 i used to be an alcoholic so no can do
3 i tend to stick to my water only . soda is worse !
3 that is what everyone should strive for
3 as long as i have my french fries !
3 well everyone can cheat once in a while
3 of course . now all of this has made me hungry .
3 you can go for some grub
3 chicago has some great places to eat too .
call_id_59
0 europe is so much fun !
0 are you visiting there now
0 no , but i like to go at least twice a year .
0 that is nice where are you in particular
0 usa , they have good fish and chips here , which i love to eat !
0 i live in a small town so i do not travel much
0 travelling is great , i have been on many cruises
1 that is fun i live on a horse farm
1 horses can be a lot of hard work . i am retired , trying to avoid work .
1 yeah they can be but my family helps out
2 i will stay home and cook some paella today
2 that sounds great is that something you learned from you trips
2 christopher columbus was my great great grandfather , he travelled a lot !
2 wow that is pretty cool i like history
2 yes , better get to feeding the horses , i will start cooking ! bye !
2 ok have a great day
call_id_60
0 hello how are you today
0 i am hood . thanks for asking .
1 what do you like to do in your spare time
1 i am going to college so not a lot of spare time . you ?
1 i gamble my life away
2 what do you do for a living ?
2 i retired so i do nothing
2 awesome ! i work at a bar at night to help while in school .
3 i like to bbq alot
3 i love bbq except chicken . i do not like chicken .
4 i fly south in the winter
5 do you live with anyone ?
5 i am a loner so no
5 i just got an apartment with my best friend .
5 is your friend a guy
5 no . it is not a guy .
call_id_61
0 hello what are you up to this evening ?
1 i love horses we done this for generations
1 my family is more into string instruments than farming .
2 i am fine , being a lawyer is my dream .
2 good luck ! i see some cool law firms while exploring my city
3 i see , i grew up in ta horse farm in a small town ,
3 awesome . i grew up listening to my father play the violin in the symphony
4 that is why i want to move to the city it is my dream
4 i love the city . i help out at the homeless shelter on the weekends
4 you are lucky , they only love horses
4 i hope you make it to the city someday . it is great to explore
4 that is so sweet of you , i bring my horses to the children hospital once
4 haha was it able to fit in the elevator ?
4 yes , the city has many great places and people
4 wait so you fit a horse in an elevator ? i need to hear more about this
4 yes , it did , we brought in a mini pony the kids loves it .
call_id_62
0 hi how are you doing
0 i am doing well . how are you ?
0 i am good i am a doctor and work long hours
0 i am sure that can be difficult . what type of doctor are you ?
0 labor and delivery its hard but rewarding
1 what do you do for fun when your not working ?
1 i live in cali so i go to disney a lot
1 that is a good way to reduce stress from work . my wife is doctor as well .
2 that is nice i also like to read
2 i read many tennis related books because i play tennis professionally .
2 wow how long have you done that
2 i have been professional for 20 years .
2 that is so great do you travel and compete
2 unfortunately i travel all the time . it can be tough on my family .
2 yeah that makes sense can they ever travel with you
2 sometimes my kids are able to but my wife mostly works at the hospital .
call_id_63
0 hello , how are you today ?
0 hey there ! i am noah . doing great , how are you ?
0 not much just taking care of my two cats , i love them so much !
0 that is awesome , i love cats . mine like to watch nascar with me
0 i have a weakness for cats and vanilla ice cream .
1 pretty cool , i love mexican food , can not get enough ! what do you do for fun ?
1 i collect hats ! i have a collection of 1000 hats !
1 holy cow . a lot of hats ! i just have one . my construction worker hat .
2 have you ever watched the olympics ? i won a gold medal in 1992 !
2 wow , really ? i am not much into sports , except ufc but that is quite an accomplishment !
3 thank you so much ! do you have any other hobbies ?
3 well , speaking of the nineties , i toured around following aerosmith . love those guys .
3 that sounds great , music is a nice way to relax !
3 best way since i started working at 16 . what kind of tunes do you like ?
3 i mostly listen to electronic music , it helps me work and focus ! you ?
3 classic rock never goes out of style , man .
call_id_64
0 hey there how are you ?
0 i am good , how are you ? do you know of any good jobs around here ?
0 i am good . well depends on where you live
0 i am in north carolina . where are you from ?
0 i am from new york . do i get brownie points for that ? haha
1 maybe ! do they have restaurant jobs up there ? i might relocate .
1 yes they do ! there are alot of job openings here .
1 my older sister tried to get me a job but there was not much here .
2 i want to become a physical therapist too here .
2 how did you get interested in doing that ?
2 from my father . he is a top batch therapist .
3 do you like to play basketball ?
3 no because i used to study a lot . i had straight as
4 nerd ! haha , just kidding . who is your favorite music artist ?
call_id_65
0 hello , how is it going ?
0 hey i go to preschool . my name is roddy
1 hey roddy , my name is tim and i love to grill outdoors .
1 my dad grills my favorite hot dogs all the time
1 oh yeah , there is nothing better than grilled hot dogs and burgers and ribs .
2 yummy . . . do you have kids my age ?
2 yes i have two kids your age , a girl and a boy . i am retired .
2 cool i need some new friends
2 the girls name is molly and the boys name is troy . we mow the lawn together .
2 i have to wait til i am older to do that
2 your dad can get you a tiny lawn mower for your size .
2 that is a good idea but i prefer to play with my toys
2 maybe a toy version of lawn mower would be right for you .
2 that would be fun . my best friend could play too
2 yes most definitely , i love to gamble in my spare time .
2 like the lottery or casino ?
call_id_66
0 hi , how are you , how is day ?
0 i am okay , eating some ice cream before bed .
1 good , i am married , are you married
1 i am , my wife and i have three girls .
1 great , i have five childrens
1 we are looking to adopt a few more in the coming years .
2 great think , i have mini van
2 i have a truck , i prefer cars though .
3 i am a driver , what is your hobbies
3 spending time with my family and shopping .
4 good , what is your favorite drink ?
4 i prefer cosmopolitans , and white russians .
5 i like coffee , what is your favorite dish ?
5 ice cream . chocolate ice cream .
5 oh , i like pizza and meat
5 i like bacon , fries and waffles .
call_id_67
0 hi ! have you ever ridden a horse ?
0 yes ! its part of my cancer treatment . i started a new job . you ?
1 i have heard that cutting meat out of your diet helps with cancer
2 i run marathons and never ate meat . you sing or dance ?
3 i do not . but i do ride horses competitively .
4 i am a life coach for hospitalized children . what else you do ?
4 i am a sophomore in high school
5 great ! do your parents ride horses too ? my parents are dead .
5 they have not recently because they were painting my bedroom purple and lime green
5 wow ! we buried my aunt in lime green her favorite color .
6 sorry to hear about your aunt
6 thanks . she died a long time ago . she was a meat eater too .
6 that makes me sad . vegan is the way to be .
7 yes ! meat eaters are dropping like flies these days . where do you ride ?
call_id_68
0 thanksgiving is right around the corner i am very sad about it !
0 why are you sad about it ?
0 just getting older and holidays upset me . how do they make you feel ?
0 i feel great , just been traveling so much lately . i am 23
1 traveling , exciting ! do you have any pets ?
2 nope , i love food to be honest . i own a yacht
2 sounds like you have fun hobbies ! all i do is bird watch !
3 cool , i know some people who do . can you cook ?
3 i cook chicken for my cats sometimes but that is really all !
4 weird . i rent my boat when i am not cruising
5 that is neat ! i like to go to animal rights rallies ! do you own furs ?
6 nope , just faux . what is your gender ?
6 i am a woman ! what about you ?
6 i am not sure , i think i am a girl last i checked
call_id_69
0 hey , jefferson here , i want a rolls royce
0 good for you jefferson , i am sam and drive a ford pinto
1 cool . i work for a watch dealer , where do you work ?
1 i work at a computer shop in town
1 does that give you enough money to shop ? i love shopping .
1 enough for what i need . i spend most of my time playing games
2 oh that is cool , i play video games sometimes .
2 i love call of duty
2 i like to play the sims .
2 my sister loves to play that , i never got into it
2 it is quite a fun game .
3 i do roleplaying events in the park on weekends
3 oh i have seen those people before they are funny .
3 it is very silly , so i do not take it to seriously
3 that is good to hear .
3 what other things do you like to do for fun
call_id_70
0 good morning . i just got to work .
0 me too i am an engineer , what do you do ?
0 i work with my parents at a bank with my finance degree .
1 oh nice , do you live in the rocky state , colorado , as well ?
1 washington here ! but planning to go back to business school in a few months .
1 washington is nice , i love hiking there in the spring .
1 i hike as well . i pack the bmw and drive out to rainier often .
2 that is nice , i need a new car , how is the bmw ?
2 it handles very well , and is very comfortable . you would like it .
2 does it have heated seats , that is my favorite , we could go rock climbing sometime .
2 it does have heated seats . really nice in the winter . let us do it !
2 i am down , when can you come visit ?
2 shall we plan for next weekend ? it is only like a 15 hour drive .
2 that would be fun , friday or saturday ?
2 i will be there saturday morning . we can go out the whole day .
2 i will bring the ropes and pulleys , you bring the snacks
call_id_71
0 hello , how are you tonight ?
0 i am fine thank you
1 what do you do for a living ?
1 i sing folk music for a living
1 nice ! i am a part time piano teacher .
1 i am a custodian to put bread on the table
1 nothing wrong with that , i am a volunteer at a shelter for women .
2 my parents do not support me in my pursuit in becoming a singer
2 my father is a concert violinist . he is supportive of me .
2 you are very lucky then
2 i am , maybe one day your parents will change their minds .
2 hopefully not you do not want that
2 i do not want what ?
2 your father to be unsupportive
2 why is that a bad thing ?
2 because of things you know
call_id_72
0 good evening , how are you ?
1 hey , i like the color yellow a lot !
1 that is great , i like yellow too . i paint houses as part of my construction work .
2 i love gymnastics its my favorite to do as far as sports !
3 i am not big on sports . i like music though , aerosmith is my favorite band .
3 yeah , i workout at least flour hours a day to music
3 cool ! is nascar racing considered to be a sport ? i like that , and ufc .
4 no , i got a gold medal in swimming . i love italian food
4 i like italian food as well . my favorite food is mexican though . i love it .
4 garlic bread is the best . i love mexican also
5 where do you work ? i have been working since i was 16 years old .
5 i am a music teacher
5 that is lovely . do you teach your students to play aerosmith ?
5 no , i cant stand aerosmith . i teach them real music like radiohead
5 aerosmith is a classic band . radiohead , is alright too .
5 i like dream on a lot
call_id_73
0 hope your day is better than mine . i am in jail for juvenile delinquents .
0 bet that makes you feel old . you need a couple of old mustangs like me
1 well i will be released in november . never shoplifting again ! what do you do ?
1 i keep a couple of vintage mustangs on the road and play with my dogs
1 sounds cool . i feel vintage in this place . what kind of dogs do you have ?
2 do you get visitors ? go to a country music concert when you get out
2 just family . i love country music . have you been to any concerts lately ?
2 every weekend i go , the dogs are mutts , blue and biscuit , i love them
2 awesome ! sounds fun ! i miss my dogs at home .
3 stealing is bad , not as bad as getting caught . can you work on cars there ?
3 actually yes , we have an auto mechanics class . i have learned alot .
4 what did you do before your little inconvenience ?
4 i am only 16 , so i just had a cashier job .
4 i see , sometimes you mess up and the price is too high , right ?
5 yes . big mistake . do you have any hobbies ?
5 i work on my two old mustangs , love country music and go to concerts
call_id_74
0 hello , how are you ? i have had strange powers since a recent surgery .
0 wow , tell me about these powers please
0 one is that i can become a boy or a girl . i am currently a boy .
1 oh you can switch on whim ? wow . do you like sweets ?
1 yes because i had my stomach transplanted .
1 i did not know that was a side effect , well i am a donut fan
2 that is cool i can move donuts with my mind . my heart is outside of me .
2 that sounds exciting and scary , you can see your own heart ?
3 yep . lately i have been able to visit china and mexico at the same time .
3 how do you do that ?
3 strange powers i tell you . do you have any powers ?
3 i have a total of zero powers
3 that is not a lot of powers . would you consider surfing with me ?
4 i would dry that , do you want to play an video games ?
4 yes , lets play an unlimited amount of video games .
4 i already play a ton of call of duty
call_id_75
0 hi there , did you know i am super high maintenance ?
0 well considering i do not know you ? no , but i am too
0 well yeah , i love to go around spending money everywhere
0 i spend the most money , on hair care products honestly , my favorite
0 i don not really spend it on hair , i spend it on tanning beds
0 i really want to try that once , i heard its bad for you
0 yeah i listen to brittney spears while tanning .
0 go figure . what do you do for fun
0 spend cash , go shopping , drink smoothies
0 ha , wow , sounds pretty irresponsible .
0 no it is totally cool , haters going to hate
0 not really , i am all for it . after you do what your supposed to
0 yeah you bet , what do you like to do for fun ?
0 i play a lot of video games , especially the xbox
0 wow , you must be super popular like my boyfriend
0 video games do not make any one popular , more the opposite
call_id_76
0 hello out there , just taking a break online after my dance class
1 nice , i am just enjoying some vanilla ice cream
1 i have to avoid it so i don t become fat
1 surely a little bit would not hurt !
1 i have to climb ladders at the bookstore where i work , so no fatties !
1 i used to have to diet as i was an athlete
1 me and my dog compete in competitions so have to be fit
1 i won a gold medal in the olympics back in the 90s
1 very impressive . you were a hero when i was studying chemistry !
2 you have a dog ? i have 2 cats
2 a snake . ohhh cnn just had trump on tv , he s so orange , my least favorite color
3 haha , very true , do you collect anything ?
3 only grudges ! how about you ?
3 i collect hats , i have over 1000 !
call_id_77
0 do you have any kids ? i have one in middle school .
0 i do not . my husband and i have chosen to not have any .
0 probably a smart decision , too many people on the planet .
1 i am a surgeon , he is a detective .
1 i love horror movies . i bet your marriage is like one .
1 no , it is not . we have a great life .
1 i used to work in human services , i heard it all the time .
1 human services is evil , they make up asinine rules .
1 so is the government but i do not see them being approached .
1 that is your opinion , and one you are entitled too
1 i believe you were looking to use to instead of too .
1 it does not matter , as you know what i was saying . lighten up .
1 my dad worked at home depot . i do not know how .
1 that has nothing to do with you .
1 it built character . and my shed .
1 how was that possible since it was your dad who worked there , not you .
call_id_78
0 hi ! how are you today ?
0 i am feeling healthy and ready to go ! how about you ?
1 same ! i am feeling healthy and stronger than ever . cancer could not beat me !
1 are you a survivor ? that is amazing !
1 i am , thank you so much ! it gave me a whole new outlook on life .
2 i am sure ! that is why i only eat raw foods .
2 how do you like it ? i have been looking for newer , healthier ways of eating .
2 i love it . so do my two kids and wife !
2 excellent ! i want to get my whole family on board , kids and grandchildren too .
2 plus , as an economics major , i can assure you that it makes financial sense too !
2 you study economics ? how interesting ! i worked in finance until retirement .
3 amazing ! do you like music ?
3 i love music ! i am pretty eclectic , i like a little of everything . what are you into ?
3 i love the rolling stones . i see them at least once per year .
3 nice ! i have not seen them yet , but i want to . i saw bruce springsteen recently .
3 he is great too ! do you live in nj ?
call_id_79
0 hello how are you ?
0 hi . good . i am just picking out paint for my new apartment with my boyfriend .
0 sounds like a good way to end the weekend
1 yeah . he will not go for red even though i love it . what is your favorite color ?
1 i like green but red would be nice also
1 green is okay . silver is my other favorite .
2 are you a cat or dog person ?
2 neither really . i already have 25 3rd grade students in the class i teach .
2 oh wow that is alot , i am both a dog and a cat
2 do have a bunch of them ?
2 nope just 1 cat and 1 dog , not that crazy animal guy lol
3 i am a bit of a language buff . i am fluent in three languages .
3 which three languages are you fluent in ?
3 english , french , and spanish . do you speak any other languages ?
4 no i do not , but i enjoy a good party
4 parties are a lot of fun ! do you have other hobbies ?
call_id_80
0 hi , how are you doing today ?
0 great just finished watching a documentary with my husband
0 i am a teacher ! love documentaries ! what was it about ?
0 me too ! they are my favorite . was watching taxi to the dark side
0 i have never seen that . i will have to check it out .
0 it is very well made , i usually read a lot but love documentaries
1 i like gardening and anything outdoors !
2 i am pregnant first timeso have been stuck at home myself
2 that is exciting ! do you go to church ?
2 i do , me and my husband both go to bible study every wednesday
2 i attend every week as well . just got home from church .
3 are you married as well ? what part of the country you from ?
3 i live in massachusetts . and no , i am single
4 i am in pennsylvania myself , love the weather here . is it nice there ?
call_id_81
0 hi there , how are you
0 i am doing great , but i hate orange . the color .
1 okay ? well , do you like any specific foods ?
1 no i do not care much about foods . or fashion .
1 that is pretty lame , considering you need food to survive
1 the only thing i need to survive is dance , i do that on the weekends .
1 right , well how do you survive the rest of the week then
1 well i work in a bookstore and i like books .
1 i used to love reading until i got into art
2 yeah , i got into dog agility classes .
2 oh i love my puppy to death , but he does not listen for anything
2 i love your puppy too and i have not even met him
2 do you have some dogs ?
2 i have one dog , his name is tim .
2 any other animals ? i have 4 cats as well
2 i have a bird named goose
call_id_82
0 hello , there ! having a good day ?
0 hello ! i am having an okay day . how about you ?
0 i am a bit tired . i have been training for an upcoming marathon all evening
0 oh wow . i do not run much . how is that ?
0 it is tough but keeps me healthy . what are you into ?
0 i really enjoy fishing and cooking my catches .
0 that is awesome . i love eating fish and anything clean and healthy .
0 i do as well . i also enjoy being on the water in any capacity .
0 i love water too . especially swimming . it is a fun way to exercise .
1 for sure . i am also really into comic books and heros .
1 oh those are always fun . i used to read many comics during my hospitalizations .
1 oh my , what were you in the hospital for ?
1 i am actually a cancer survivor which is why i decided to become a life coach
1 oh wow . congratulations on your recovery .
1 thank you so much . i appreciate it .
1 what do you do as a life coach ?
call_id_83
0 good afternoon . i hope you are well and healthy .
0 i am . just thinking about taking my bike out for a spin
0 that sounds lovely . are you an athlete ?
0 not really . i do race my bike though .
0 wow . i wish my grandchildren were interested in something similar . but they like smartphones .
0 that seems to be the thing now . so expensive too
0 true . and i have come to know a great life does not come from expensive things .
0 so tre . i just wish i did not have to wait tables to get extra money .
0 its all tedious at first dear , but i know it will get better for you .
1 i guess it just really want to be out on my red bike .
1 sounds like a true joy . i am retired now , so you are inspiring me to try that .
1 awesome . maybe we could go out riding together .
1 i would love that . life is too short to miss out on making new friends .
1 i have to go , talk to you later .
call_id_84
0 hello , how are you doing ?
0 i just got off work
0 where do you work at ?
0 i am a tour guide at a museum . what do you do for a living ?
0 if you consider being a feminist a job , that is what i do .
1 interesting . do you have any hobbies ?
1 i love browsing the web . what about you ?
1 i like to garden . i grow roses .
2 roses are pretty . what kind of a diet do you follow ?
2 i do not follow any particular diet . do you ?
2 strictly organic . its best for our bodies .
2 yes , maybe i would not be partly deaf if i ate like that .
3 possibly . do you utilize solar panels ?
3 no , do you use solar panels ?
3 yes , on my roof . you should look into them
3 i will . i think i have a book about them in the library at my house .
call_id_85
0 hello , currently residing in canada , on the run . how are you ?
0 i am okay . tired from cleaning all day .
0 do you eat shawarma while you clean ? that is my fav food .
0 no , but i do sing folk songs to make work go easier .
1 singing and cleaning . my grandpa and i served in the world war .
2 together ? that is interesting . do either of you play any instruments ?
2 ya it was a great experience . used to play wood blocks , you ?
2 i tickle the ivories , strum on the guitar , and sing . i want to be rich and famous .
2 i am good at the sing instrument . i failed out of high school though .
2 well , you made it through a world war , so you must have been smart enough .
2 i did ok . was really good at chucking grenades .
2 i like explosions . but they do not let me use grenades while i clean the school .
2 that seems odd . my local school allows most weapons and explosives .
2 maybe i should relocate . your place sounds like more fun .
2 ya a lot of brilliant people graduate from there . maybe that is why i did not .
2 just keep a song in your heart , and your head held high . we will get through .
call_id_86
0 how are you today ?
0 great ! how about you ? i am jeremy .
0 nice to meet you jeremy , my name is sue
1 hi sue . do you have any pets ?
1 i have no pets . i do have children though
1 i have two cats . mistletoe and gingerbread . you can tell i love winter . how many children ?
1 i have five young sons .
2 cool . do they all like icecream ? i like vanilla .
3 they do , they also keep me busy . coffee has become my favorite beverage .
3 i am a coffee lover also . do you have any collections . i have 1010 hats .
3 that is amazing , i collect rare wine . i enjoy a nice glass at night .
3 five boys . . . yes ! wine ! i am not much of a drinker . no children though .
4 then you have great peace . and a nice car too . i drive a minivan .
5 yes , true . do you have any hobbies ?
5 i never have time , just a glass of my rare wine in the evenings .
6 i see . i was an ice skater . olympics , 1992 i won a gold .
call_id_87
0 hello , how are you today ?
0 i am well thank you , how is your night going ?
0 it is going very great . i just have homework to do
0 oh what are you in school for ?
0 high school . on my sophomore year
0 are you planning to go to college ?
1 i am ! i want to be a professional soccer player
1 exciting ! i played soccer in high school too , long ago
1 did you enjoy it ? i love it
1 very much . now i have bad knees and back from all the construction work
1 i am sorry to hear . that does not sound fun
1 it is ok , i love building houses , no regrets
1 wow seems like a lot of hard work
1 it is ! then i get to go home to my cats and a beer
1 i have never drank , is it fun ?
1 as long as you drink responsibly it is
call_id_88
0 hi there , my name is ali .
0 good evening ali . tanya here .
0 hey tanya . i went to school with a girl named tanya back when i was at yale .
1 cool . i have been so bored , so of course i eat !
1 oh i understand that . i grew up with some of the best food back in manhattan .
1 yum . good thing i enjoy using the rowing machine and treadmill .
1 so did i ! my parents had all kinds of equipment thanks to their banking job .
2 that is great . any pets ? i have a german shepherd and a schnauzer .
2 unfortunately no . the dorms at business school does not allow them .
3 do you long hair or short ? i just tried a short haircut .
3 long hair all the way . although short hair may look more professional .
4 i have to get used to this . so any hobbies ?
4 i love being in the stock market . i guess that is why i am going to finance .
4 that is your major ? that will be great to know about money .
4 well i already have one degree , but i am going back to business school for another .
4 go education ! ! well , take care and good luck with your classes .
call_id_89
0 hello , how are you doing today ?
0 wonderful i just moved to a new place !
0 oh that is neat . where did you move to ?
0 close to my school in philadelphia .
1 that is neat . are you male or female ?
1 female . with blue eyes and light blonde hair , yourself ?
1 female as well , light skin , blonde hair , and brown eyes . hah !
2 what is your favorite food . mine is strawberries
2 i will gladly take a nice slice of pizza any day .
3 lol . do you work ? i am part time at a bar .
3 i do work ! i waitress during the day , then i do side jobs during the evening .
4 i see ! so you have any hobbies ?
4 i like to ride my motorcycle when possible . i always have to have a helmet !
5 safety first ! my best friend is vegan . which works well . because chicken is gross
call_id_90
0 hello how are you today ?
0 hi . okay . heartburn . 2 months until i am due . the twins are restless tonight .
1 that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
1 oh , no . sorry to hear that . hubby and i disagree once in a while about the kids .
1 we fight about our cat , spook
2 yeah . well , i wish you luck there . we bought a cute 2 story house .
2 nice , i do not think i have ever left ohio
2 you should travel if you get a chance . its expensive to travel with kids .
2 not if you like to hitch hike
2 i suppose , but that does not work with a pregnant woman and 3 kids
2 sounds like someone has been busy
2 yep . between work at the bank and the kids , i am exhausted every night .
2 yes you need to get more sleep
2 so true . enough about me . tell me more about you .
3 i should fly to england
3 sounds like a lot of fun .
call_id_91
0 hello , how are you today ?
0 hey ! just watching a game of football with my children . you ?
1 that is cool ! i am an alcoholic who is recovering
1 ah man congrats for trying to get back on the road !
1 yeah , i live in the city now so its hard
1 ah i live in florida man , i feel you . the city is full of temptations .
1 yeah it really is tempting ! i used to live on a farm though
2 do you have a job currently ? i am a programmer for a game company .
2 i want to but i am a male 45 year old who was an alcoholic
2 it must be hard making a living , i feel sorry for you pal .
2 it is ok ! i will hopefully get better
3 do you have any hobbies ?
3 yeah i like to count the freckles on my foot
3 haha you are a funny guy ! maybe you should be a stand up comedian !
3 thank you ! that would be really fun
3 anyways man i gotta go walk my dogs soon , it was nice chatting with you !
call_id_92
0 hi , want to get to know each other ?
0 sure ! what do you do for a living ?
0 i am a student . i study languages , you ?
0 i am a student also , i have a degree from yale but i am going back soon .
0 wow , what is your degree in ?
0 finance , i am going back for business next .
1 ambitious . i am just about fluent in spanish . i am starting french soon .
1 wow that is awesome ! thanks , my parents inspired me . they are rich bankers .
1 rich is probably nice . i would like more money for travel
1 me too . they make me work for everything i have .
2 that is for the best . what do you do for fun ?
2 not much really . i stay pretty busy . you ?
2 well i try to . i play in a band on weekends
3 that is nice ! which instrument ? i just bought my first car .
3 i play the drums . like lane kim . what kind of car
3 never heard of him . a 2000 bmw . its not much but i am proud .
call_id_93
0 hey , what is your favorite food ? mine is donuts .
1 hello , i love fries , and am getting married soon .
2 that is exciting ! what do you like to do for fun ?
2 i love to try new restaurants and dance .
2 cool ! during the weekends , i like to do live action roleplaying events .
2 i am a kindergarten teacher , i look up new painting techniques on the weekends
2 that sounds like fun . i play a ridiculous amount of call of duty .
2 i used to play a lot of fallout when i was in college .
2 oh man , i love fallout . was just playing new vegas earlier .
2 dogmeat is awesome . i would love to go to an elvis school
2 an elvis school ? what is that ?
2 it is one of the areas in fallout .
3 oh good lord , i am too tired . what kind of car do you drive ?
3 i have a maclaren , it is awesome .
3 radical ! mine is a ford pinto .
3 my boyfriend bought it for me as a wedding gift .
call_id_94
0 hello i am 8 years old how old are you ?
0 hi , i am 20 . nice to meet you .
1 i love mackey mouse . what is your favorite character ?
1 i like cartman . my favorite thing is shopping .
2 i meant mickey . cool i have a lot of friends and love the playground . do you ?
2 sounds fun , yes i do ! shoes and watches are my favorites to shop for .
3 frozen songs are the best what songs are your favorite ?
3 do you want to build a snowman !
4 oh gosh of course ! do you go to school ?
4 no , i am just a watch dealer . my family do not like it
4 third grade has been awesome . oh no that stinks .
4 third grade was so fun ! good for you .
5 do you like mickey mouse ?
5 i would like him more if he got me a rolls royce ghost
6 that would be cool . what is your favorite toy on the playground ?
6 i like to swing on the swing sets . how about you ?
call_id_95
0 good day , how are you ?
0 hello , i am doing well . i think i may have had too much coffee . you ?
0 i am good , taking a break from my assignments before heading to europe .
0 i went to a star wars convention in helsinki . are you going there ?
0 that sounds fun , i am actually go to visit the louvre in paris .
0 that is a nice museum , i visited last summer , before football season .
1 i went to spain then , learned i love cooking paella . what team are you for ?
1 i am with ohio state . born and raised in ohio
2 awesome . what do you do for a living
2 i am a student , going to school for veterinary medicine .
2 i am a art major at julliard with a minor in dance .
3 very nice . do you like animals ?
3 i love them . there is a dog on my bed right now .
3 mine too , a beagle . what do you have ?
3 she is my roommates dog , but a chihuahua . i have a lab pit mix .
4 how tiny ! do you like coffee ?
call_id_96
0 what are you doing up this late
0 i was cooking ! what about you ?
0 i am walking my dogs
1 this late ! i am just practicing my cooking . how old are you ?
1 yes this late can you make tacos
1 yes ! i love tacos ! there is not much i do not like , i am 23
2 where do you live
2 i live in oregon for now but i have been all over the world this year .
2 have you been alabama
2 yes . the tacos there were amazing ! where do you live ?
2 i live in montgomery
2 i keep my yacht close by there . i am renting it out right now .
2 you have yacht nice
3 would you like to travel with me ? i have been almost everywhere .
call_id_97
0 hello ! finishing up my nightly glass of wine , what are you drinking ?
0 i have coffee . up late sewing . you ?
0 looking over the little league roster . i have to coach in the morning .
0 oh ! my grandson is in little league . what age group ?
0 i have the babies . 4 6 . they are adorable . i have five boys .
0 that sounds great ! do you ever go so pro league games with them ?
0 i try not too . i am a mini van mom , that is their dads job
0 lol . i get it . i am retired , and i leave that to my kids !
0 i wish i was retired ! i live on coffee in the day .
1 it is great , especially once i beat the cancer .
1 very nice to hear . congratulations !
2 thanks ! so how old are your kids ?
2 16 , 14 , 8 , 5 , 5 . the youngest are twins .
2 wow ! that is nice . my kids are grown . grandkids are 10 , 12 , 15 , 17 .
2 those are the fun ages . i like the teens , even though they come with drama
2 yes , and i can send them home if they act up !
call_id_98
0 hi there . how is it going ?
0 hello ! how are you doing ? i am doing pretty well today
0 i am doing great ! just got home from shopping .
1 where are you from ? i live in the us now but was born in africa . somalia
1 i live in north carolina .
2 nice . how is the weather there ? are you married ?
3 tell me something about yourself .
3 i love dancing . all kinds
3 i love to shop alot !
3 shopping can be quite fun . i was not allowed to shop as a child in somalia .
3 i shop for shoes and watches .
3 i could use dance shoes . if we lived closer together i would suggest we go shopping
4 i am married , have been for 5 years .
5 my aunt brought me to california after she found out i had to marry a man .
5 oh , i love going to ca
6 it is quite pretty here . i own a dance studio
call_id_99
0 hi . how are you today ?
1 what are you doing today ?
1 working on building a house .
1 cool . i am listening to the rolling stones .
2 that is a good band . do you have pets ?
3 nope . just two kids . what do you like to do ?
3 i like to build houses and hang out with my cats .
4 what is your favorite food ?
4 i do not really have one . how about you ?
4 veggies . i like to eat clean .
5 what do you do for work ?
5 i am an economist . is building houses a job or hobby ?
5 it is my job . my dad was who taught me the trade .
5 very interesting ! nice chatting . have a great day !
5 you do the same . i will go play with my cats now .
5 how many do you have ?
call_id_100
0 hey , jefferson here , i love documentaries
1 i love dogs her name is barnaby , a german shepherd
1 oh that is so cool . i have a dog with my husband in pennsylvania .
2 nice to meet you , i work in the usps
3 i order a lot of books online . i read one every week .
4 how big are the dogs ? are they grey color ? that is my color
4 i would not know , they are your dogs haha .
5 do you order from amazon ? my dad is a nascar racer
5 i do order from amazon , i am a pa right now .
6 are there scorpions in your area ? i hate them
6 i sure hope not , they are scary !
7 amazon is a great place to order books
7 oh yeah that is a fact .
8 i feel the same , they are so dangerous in my area
8 my uncle died from a scorpion .
9 do you like to go fishing ?
call_id_101
0 hi i am george . i love papayas !
0 hi i am john and love to the mountains
1 do you like models ? i married one . from italy
1 yes i like models and i am not married
1 do you want to be , i have no close family
1 sure how can that happen ?
1 meet a woman , , go on dates have fun
2 i have one dog and a nice career
3 that is nice to hear . i farm honey bees
4 in the spring time i go hiking all the time
4 that sounds like fun , i love the outdoors and everything in them
5 do you have any pets ?
5 yes i do i have a dog and 2 cats at the moment
5 i have one dog myself , she can be a bit of pain
5 mine are so spoiled and i only have myself to blame
6 rock climbing can be scary at times but its very exciting to see the top
call_id_102
0 hi there , do you love taylor swift ?
1 you know it . i wish it was still summer .
1 not me , i am ready for the cuddle weather .
1 cool ! i love to go rock climbing my fav summer activity .
1 i do not like your summer at all
1 i like spring too for hiking . you like winter best ?
1 i just love the cold , i am only twenty four
2 so where do you live ? me colorado your kind of weather
2 cali , it gets hot over here
3 job for me is mechanical engineer . what about you ?
3 i dance on the weekends for money
4 pets ? i have a dog named trooper . he is a black lab .
5 does he like tacos ? i really like tacos
6 he likes everything . lol what do you do during the week ?
6 i need to catch up on sleep
6 i can relate to that i am always tired .
call_id_103
0 hello there ! how are you doing today ?
0 just jamming out to some new kids on the block ! !
0 oh my ! i am just enjoying a new coloring book after a hectic evening .
1 how sweet ! ! i need to get my dance gear ready for my class tomorrow night !
1 my husband found out he was adopted earlier . . . would not necessarily call it sweet .
1 now that is heavy stuff ! being born in the early eighties myself , i suppose anything is possible .
2 it definitely came as a shock . so , you are a dancer ?
2 big time ! i love hip hop ! and you ?
2 we listen to a lot of underground rap . not too popular in our rural farm community .
3 ha ! i love that randomness ! so , i was cleaning out closets and found my lite brite !
3 lol . i had one of those when i was a kiddo . . . along with my easy bake oven p
4 yes ! so throwback ! what is your go to late night snack ?
4 hmm . . . nachos or chili cheese fries . you ?
4 whoa ! again , intense ! i am a cereal kind of girl .
4 i have a super high metabolism so i usually eat whatever i want . favorite cereal ?
4 raisin bran ! i am way hard core . i have crap metabolism .
call_id_104
0 i am jo and i love the color yello
0 hi jo . yellow is a great color . it is the color of fall in colorado .
0 yellow i am a gold medalist for 100 meter in the olympics
0 wow ! that is impressive . swimming or running ?
0 running . and i also do gymnastics it is my fave
0 nice . i prefer hiking and rock climbing myself . living in co is great for those .
1 nice i love enjoy italian food and garlic bread
1 me too . i often go to company dinners at italian restaurants . what is your favorite dish ?
1 that is awesome . i love chicken alfredo
1 delicious choice . i love coming home from work to a nice plate of that .
1 it is and i do enjoy it a lot .
2 i work as a mechanical engineer so i do not know a lot about gymnastics .
2 yeah i its quite not that hard to understand the mechanics of it
3 i am sure . have you ever been to colorado ?
3 no i have never been to colorado
3 i live there , you will have to come visit sometime . great trails for running .
call_id_105
0 hello , how are you this evening ?
0 so far so good . who am i speaking to ?
0 i am bryan the rose gardener , who are you ?
0 philip . me and my dog charlie are just listening to music
0 awesome , i am hanging out in my big in home library
0 well that is nice . what book are you currently reading ?
0 a book on how to read lips , i am half deaf
0 i always thought that would be an interesting skill to have lol
0 it works for me , and i love to read when i drink my fancy tea
0 tea huh ? like the stuff but goes awful with pizza imo
0 i bet , i prefer a nice glass of cow milk with my pizza , lol
0 the double cow consumption , nice . always goes down with some lil wayne
0 lil wayne , what is that ? sounds like a soda flavor , mom get me some lil wayne
0 lol i do not know how to respond to that
call_id_106
0 greetings from the big apple , kim here , how are you ?
0 i am fine , how much are your apples ?
0 not for sale ! they are looking good in central park though
0 i actually thought you were selling chocolate covered apples
0 sorry , i live there on central park west , costs as much to park as to live , you ?
0 well , i do not have a car . i just use a bike instead lol
0 i have a beemer , what kind of bike ?
0 a roadmaster , how well does yours work ?
1 great , when i can get it out in traffic , are you in school ?
1 i go to school from home , on a computer . i use it for exercise
1 i see , live remote with parents ? my dad is bank president , so we live in town
1 that is pretty cool , i kind of enjoy being alone
1 i start business school next year to be a banker like parents . i like crowds
2 you can be you and i can be me . i am practicing my 3rd language
2 i like money too and i want to live in a penthouse when i leave home
2 penthouses are really nice , i believe you will get there with determination
2 i will , thank you for chatting with me
2 you are very welcome , keep dreaming big and have a nice day
call_id_107
0 hello . what kind of car do you drive ?
0 a mazda protege , what do you drive ?
0 i drive a classic mustang . i am a mechanic .
1 i study language and music , can you speak french ?
2 no , sorry . i can only speak english . do you have any pets ?
2 i am allergic to symbiotic connection so i own no animals , do you ?
2 i do . two dogs . they are amazing .
2 what are there names ?
2 dixon and sirius . they are black labs .
3 i used to have a black lab named cooper , are you religious ?
3 i am spiritual , yes . i am a pagan .
3 do you practice the left hand path ? i do as well .
3 i do baneful workings if the situation calls for it .
3 how has that been going ?
call_id_108
0 do you live in the southwest by chance ?
1 no i do not . i love wearing band shirts with ruffles on the sleeves
1 thank goodness ! i am petrified of scorpions . i moved north because of them .
2 haha ok , i have blond short hair . i am a girl and pretty skinny staying in shape
3 i used to stay in shape helping my dad during his nascar races . do you watch ?
3 no i do not watch , i listen to music and play video games
3 my favorite game is call of duty . what about you ?
3 same here , its an awesome game
3 totally ! i deliver the mail , but sometimes drive crazy .
3 yeah is that your job that you do ?
3 yeah , i deliver the mail . it pays well but the holiday hours are rough .
3 that is cool . i work at an insurance company
3 what kind of insurance ? maybe you can help me .
3 health insurance helping old folks with their policy
3 i need new car insurance . my favorite grey car was hit .
3 ouch that reminds me of my car insurance .
call_id_109
0 hey . you want to go out sometime ? i cannot resist fish and chips !
1 greetings , i like fish , not chips , what is your trabajo ? work
1 i am a college student . art major .
1 i am unable to go out , too busy studying , lots on my plate , art ? i like music
1 cool . speaking of plates , i do love making paella
2 who is your favorite artist ? mine is wagner , do you speak espanol ? love paella !
2 no spanish . which is surprising for a descendant of christopher columbus !
2 you love food ! all i do is study , spanish now , french next , in between music
3 i try to visit europe twice yearly . you should come with me then !
3 no time for travel . i hate flying , could we go on a boat ?
3 i wish i could . i will have sea sickness if i did .
3 i could study , listen to music and go to europe , you could eat . lol
3 i like where your mind is going !
3 take medicine , sounds fun , let us go ? you pay , okay ?
call_id_110
0 i live on cloud nine .
0 i am learning spanish in school ,
0 i have a superpower and know all languages .
0 that is super cool . i love the spanish word trabajo
0 that means work and i do not like work .
1 why is that ? i am also a musician
1 i am a lonely , weird little girl .
1 well why do you feel so lonely ?
1 i can make time stop .
1 well that is cool what is the secret to making time stop ?
1 that is a great question nobody has asked me before .
1 i am also studying other different languages as well .
1 which others ? i like different languages but my favorite is english .
1 english is not so hard to speak
1 it is hard to learn if your not born with it .
1 i had to learn how to do it .
call_id_111
0 hello how are you doing tonight ?
0 i have a doll . her name is susie .
0 i have a cat . her name is spook .
0 i have a turtle . his name is shelly . hehe
0 do you have a lot of pets ?
0 no . just a turtle . i have lots of toys .
1 are you a little kid ?
1 i am almost five . i am not little !
2 wow you are right ! do you like pizza like i do ?
2 i love pizza . my best friend , lucy , her mommy cooks pizza
2 i bet you do not like black olives on it though ! that is my favorite topping
2 i like cheese pizza . olives are yucky .
2 i work at the store where they sell olives and pizza ! its a grocery store
2 do you get free pizza ? do they make you eat olives ?
2 i can get free pizza but i can choose if i want the olives or not
3 mommy is mad . i did not pick up my toys .
3 uh oh you better go do that
3 bye . thanks for talking to me . susie says bye too .
3 bye bye ! have a nice night
3 uh oh . shelly is running away .
call_id_112
0 hello , what are you doing ?
0 i am doing good . how are you ?
0 i am good . i am eating leftovers .
1 cool , i am eating donuts . what do you do ?
1 i am retired . how about you ?
1 i am of video game tester for call of duty . what did you do ?
1 i am yoga instructor . what is call of duty ?
1 it is a war based video game .
1 that sounds like a lot of fun .
1 it is , almost as fun live action roleplay on the weekends .
2 i like watching war movies .
3 i do not but i did enjoy hacksaw ridge . are you married ?
3 yes i am married to my wife of 32 years .
3 that is amazing . i can not wait to meet the woman i could spend forever with .
3 it is a great thing . i met her at school .
3 what school did you go too ?
call_id_113
0 i love cats and have five of them .
1 cats are nice . how old are you ?
1 old enough to work in the construction field . you ?
1 i am 68 , been retired for a few years now .
1 great . what did you work and retire from ?
1 i was a tailor . these days i spend a lot of time at the casino
1 ahh . my father taught me everything i know but not how to gamble .
2 its probably for the best . i also enjoy mowing the lawn on a beautiful day
3 do you have a pet cat or dog ?
3 no not anymore . do you ?
3 i have 5 cats that i love like humans
3 animals are better friends than humans .
3 sometimes and they are always happy to see you come in the door .
4 it such a nice day today , thinking about starting the grill
call_id_114
0 hello how are you today ?
0 not much , just came back from iraq . you ?
0 wow , i am an olympic athlete and won a gold medal !
0 congrats ! i am in the canadian army , served for 5 years .
1 good for you ! i love garlic bread and italian food !
1 i worked at an italian restaurant after i left high school .
1 nice ! did you eat pizza all the time
1 yeah , i used to make it for my grandfather , he served in ww2 .
1 wow ! a rich history of serving countries !
1 yeah my whole family is part of the military and we all enjoy cooking !
2 cool , i just really like to do gymnastics
2 that is cool ! are you going pro or you are doing it just as a workout ?
2 just as a workout ! i do for 4 hours a day
2 sorry i have to go right now ! my wife and kids are back home . see ya !
call_id_115
0 hello ! how is your day going ?
0 hey ! after the meal i just had , my day is going great , thanks !
0 i just got finished feeding my fish .
0 ooooh , what kind of fish do you have ?
0 i have a piranha . i was just feeding him pieces of my ex boyfriend .
0 lol ! you are funny ! i fed myself pieces of hamburger and fries !
0 hamburgers are the best ! i had one yesterday for my 18th .
0 hope it was especially yummy for you ! and happy belated birthday !
1 thank you ! do you like nature walks ?
1 i like walking , period ! but yes , especially nature walks . how about you ?
1 i enjoy hiking and watching the sun . the best is when the sun is orange .
2 the sun is magical and divine like that . my boyfriend is a sun gazer .
2 my boyfriend used to gaze at other
2 he used to gaze at other what ?
2 other things . that is why i broke up with him a couple months ago .
2 oh dear , i am sorry . totally his loss .
call_id_116
0 hi there how are you doing ?
0 hi . i am not doing well . my family does not support my choice of career .
0 really why is that ? mine does not get me for being a vegetarian
0 i want to work for a watch dealer and i like to shop for watches and shoes .
0 well if that is what makes you happy go for it
0 i really enjoy shopping and my dream is to one day own a rolls royce ghost .
1 wow i enjoy running over driving
1 running is also quite lovely . breathing in the lovely outside air .
1 yes it is is it clears my head when i need to as well
1 yes , and it also helps with depression i have found .
1 yes i wish i knew that before when i was a teenager
1 me too , it is good to know . spread the word to others . better than any medication .
1 yes it is i never thought about it but i just might thanks for the idea
1 no problem . always here to help a friend .
2 so what else do you like to do on your spare time ?
2 oh , i like to spend time with my cat , nelly .
call_id_117
0 good evening , i heard you like horses can you tell me what kind
1 how are you doing today ?
1 i am doing excellent . i would love to know more about your horses . i love horses
1 i have one named charlie its just a pony
1 oh that is a good name for a pony . what do they eat ?
1 his and mine s favorite little snack is pizza
1 really ! i did not know that pony eats pizza . that is really a fun fact
1 he loves it do you have any pets ?
1 i have a horse also named coco
2 that is actually my nickname for my honda civic that is brown
3 oh yeah ! that is awesome . what do you like to do for fun ?
3 i like music and what about you ?
3 i love music ? it is very relaxing . what kind of music do you listen to ?
3 i work with a few different artists
3 oh yeah but what kind of music do you like to listen to ?
3 mainly country and you ?
call_id_118
0 hi , how are you doing today ?
0 i am really great . just got home from a ride on my bike .
0 me too , i am a custodian in the daytime and a singer at night .
0 i am a waitress . it works but i wish i could make more money .
1 same here , i sing folk music and play the guitar , what do you like ?
1 my favorite thing is to ride my motorcycle . i do not even have a car .
1 when i make it big one day , i will buy the car of my dreams
2 what do you look like ?
2 i am 19 years old and have long black hair . so i still live with my parents .
2 i have pale skin and large brown eyes . and i wear my bike helmet all the time .
2 sine i live with my parents they want me to finish school , i want to sing .
2 what kind of music if your favorite to sing ?
2 folk music and i like to play the piano and guitar as well .
2 i wish i could play instruments . i am not very musically inclined .
2 folk music and i like to play the piano and guitar as well .
2 i like rock music the most
call_id_119
0 how are you doing this fine evening ?
0 i am well , retired and living my best life ! how about you ?
0 that is really great . i design video games
0 that sounds great . my grandkids would love that !
0 it is great . they should check out my game starcraft .
1 i will mention it to them . do you have any hobbies ?
1 i like to keep to myself . i am a recluse .
1 i understand . i sew my own clothes so i could probably be a recluse too .
1 i like to make things too . i am working on a robot
1 that sounds very complicated . i hope it turns out well .
1 i want to use it as a body double
1 like an avatar or something ?
1 yes ! that is going to be amazing
1 i think it will be great !
1 so what else do you do ?
1 well , i did have cancer , but it is gone now .
call_id_120
0 hi , how are you tonight ?
0 i am very well ! i just dyed my hair rainbow
0 that sounds amazing . i am filling out a match profile .
0 how is that going ? i am too old to date
0 my dad keeps setting up blind dates for me . old ?
0 sounds fun ! i am too old to say .
0 you are old with rainbow hair ? that is unusual .
0 yes i am an animal rights worker i am very trendy
0 he keeps sending random guys to the gas station where i work .
0 that is scary that would depress me
1 are you a hippie ? like those nudist colony folk ?
1 i used to be . now i just like to watch birds with my kitties
1 your kitties like birds ? do not they try to snatch them ?
1 sometimes yes . i have to stop them haha
1 i mean where i come from kitties do not play with birds .
1 why not ? they must want to eat them
call_id_121
0 hello how are you today ?
0 i am good how are you ?
0 i am pretty good , i am a buddhist
1 nice ! are you married ? because i am gong to be in the spring
1 no i am lonely , i cant speak since three months ago
1 oh wow ! what happened ? 3 months ago was my 24th birthday
1 because i pursued my spirituality
1 oh , i pursue my personality by working with my kindergarten students
1 that is good . i do meditation
1 cool , i relax by going out for dinner with my friends
2 i do to . when are you getting married ?
2 in april , its a spring wedding ! i am so excited !
3 i hope you have a good time , where are you from
3 thank you , and i am from the galapagos islands
3 i heard its nice there , i am from chicago illinois
4 nice , are you a chicago cubs fan ?
4 no i am a sox fan
4 oh cool , do u think they will beat the astros tomorrow
call_id_122
0 how are you doing today
0 hello , i am doing very well , thank you . i am getting married soon .
0 that sounds great . i want to get married to eric .
0 who is eric ? i am hoping taylor swift will agree to sing at my wedding .
0 off of the fishy movie
1 i do not think i have ever seen it . how old are you ?
1 four and two quarters and a penny
1 lol . that is awesome . i am so going to use that in a snapchat .
1 what is snapchat ? a barbie ?
1 social media site . like a cross between facebook messenger and face time .
1 my mom has facebook and it has pictures
2 it sure does . do you like legos ?
2 yes . what color do you like
2 i love purple , what is your favorite ?
2 i like red and pink and blue
2 those are pretty colors as well . i like yellow .
call_id_123
0 hello , how are you today ?
0 exhausted driving my five boys around in the mini van everywhere all day .
0 wow , i am in prison right now
0 oh no ! what happened ?
0 i was caught shoplifting at walmart
0 hope you learn from that . i could really use a glass of wine tonight !
0 cool , but i am going to be released in a month
0 glad to hear it . we could meet for coffee my favorite is pumpkin flavor .
0 me too ! ! ! except i am in a detention center for juveniles
1 oh you are very young , i am a baseball coach . ever think of playing ?
1 i would love to but i am old
2 ok . i am with a little league . have any hobbies to keep you busy ?
2 yeah i like to count the freckles on my arm
2 that sounds different . maybe read some good books .
2 i do not have any books though
2 i could send you some , my boys have many books . where are you located ?
call_id_124
0 hi there . how goes it ?
0 hey ! ! so i have a house warming party for my new apartment with my buddy tomorrow !
0 that is cool . i hope that you have a great time !
0 i am just hoping no one brings chicken ! that stuff makes me harf !
0 lol . . . i love chicken . i will be eating pizza with an artist i represent and my dog charlie .
1 cool ! so what do you do for a living ? i am a bartender through college .
1 i produce music for a handful of rap artists . as well as eat a lot of pizza !
1 just do not eat too much ! i am going to be a nurse . i would know .
1 to be honest , it is pretty much all i eat . . .
1 rebel ! you must have a crazy high metabolism .
1 i guess so . i have been 175 pounds for well over 10 years .
1 geez . i am 320 . i hate my body . and i eat under 1800 cals a day .
1 what is the saying . . . big is beautiful ?
1 big is unhealthy . it is not fun .
1 aww . i am sure all will turn out well for you .
1 hopefully i will learn stuff in nursing school .
call_id_125
0 hi there , tell me about yourself
0 hi my name is katie i was born in 1982 . what about you ?
0 hi katie . i just got a job at a gas station and love gardening
1 that is awesome ! i love to garden too ! what kind of music do you like ?
1 i prefer rock . how about you ?
1 i like hip hop , new kids on the block is my favorite .
1 do you like clowns ? they horrify me !
1 no ! my favorite toy as a kid was lite brite because i was so scared !
1 my father keeps setting me up on blind dates . so frustrating !
1 that would be frustrating ! have you gone on any ?
1 just one and i was done ! i was adopted when i was young
1 your father must love you ! how did knowing you were adopted affect you ?
1 i was adopted by an older couple . they love me .
2 amazing ! do you have any hobbies ?
2 i like working with my hands . woodworking etc . you ?
2 what is the coolest thing you have ever made ? i like to go to concerts .
call_id_126
0 hello how are you today ?
0 hi , my husband is old and adopted . i love coloring farms in books .
0 ok that is random . i have never been an artist type
0 great ! i live on a farm with a dog named trump who watches hockey .
0 i do not care for dogs . i am waiting for retirement
0 good luck with retirement . my dog trump is a german shepherd .
1 thanks if only retirement will come faster . what do you do for a living ?
1 actor . i adopted a dog and a husband in the same year .
1 oh acting that sounds fun . sounds like you went through some big life events
1 i did ! i got rid of my husband and kept the dog .
1 well at least some good came out of it . hope everything is well for you
1 it is ! we farm and watch hockey where i live . what about you ?
1 i am not a big fan of sports but i do like to travel quite a lot
1 that is cool ! i color in books to settle my nerves .
call_id_127
0 hello ! how are you today ?
0 i am good but missing having family connections
0 sorry to hear that . i tend to cope with tea .
0 i like eating papaya when i am sad
1 i have a library in my house , i like to read books while drinking tea .
1 when i try to read i say to myself farmer george no time for reading
1 haha . if you ever want to visit me , i have a beautiful rose garden .
1 my bees would love your roses
2 are you a bee keeper ?
3 yes i am . would you believe farmer george is married to an italian model ?
3 fantastic ! good for you . that is wonderful
4 thank you ! what do you do for fun ?
4 i tend my rose garden and read books . i am deaf in one ear
4 as long as you can hear out of one its all good right ?
4 i make do . what about you ? what do you do for fun ?
4 well i sure do not talk to my family since they hate me now
4 that is terrible i am sorry . why do they hate you ?
4 i married magdalena the model and she is the same age as my daughter
4 that is crazy ! how can they hate you if its true love ?
4 they think i am only with her for her looks
4 very sad . but you love her , right ?
4 i sure do . we were meant to be
4 true love is the strongest magic . i hope your family can understand someday .
4 thank you . i hope you are right !
4 i hope so too ! it was nice talking to you
4 you too ! best wishes to you
call_id_128
0 i go dancing on the weekends
0 me too . i love music .
1 the color orange does not suite me at all . what about you ?
1 i have short blonde hair so it actually works for me
2 that is awesome . i studied chemistry , yet work in a bookstore
2 i work at a grocery store but i want to be a fashion designer .
3 that is awesome ! ! i have a dog who competes and takes dog agility classes
3 wow that is impressive . i wish i had a dog
4 yeah we have lots of ribbons . i am not big on fashion
4 i live for ruffles and leggings !
4 yeah i do not always wear leggings unless i am going out in the cold
5 do you live somewhere cold ?
5 i do not . i am in new mexico how about you ?
5 i live in north carolina but i want to live in new york .
6 do you plan on moving to new york ?
6 maybe someday . maybe i will be a fitness trainer there .
call_id_129
0 hello ! how are you tonight ?
0 hey there , i am doing pretty well , you ?
0 i am doing great ! i just got a new job . not glorious , but it pays the bills .
0 i just started my new job two days ago , so same here . nothing i am proud of
0 still , that is great ! what do you do ?
0 i just started at what a burger , not sure my position yet , only worked two days
0 i have never worked in fast food , but i do love burgers !
1 fast food , is miserable will not lie . my father wanted me to take over his construction company
1 my parents never owned much , but there was never a shortage of love .
1 my father could not show love , so i grew up with a lot of materialistic items
1 my natural parents could not show love either . i am adopted , you see .
1 well , maybe it was more than just lack of love
1 i am sorry to hear that you grew up like that .
2 it happens , do you have any hobbies ?
2 yeah , i love getting outside in my garden . what about you ?
2 i take as much time off as i can to go mountain biking
call_id_130
0 how are you doing today
0 i am alright , living the great retired life . what about you ?
0 i work in an office
1 that must be interesting . do you need a smartphone for that ? i do not have one .
1 you do not . they provide everything
2 that does not sound too bad . do you know how to sew ?
2 i want to learn but i am not sure
2 you should learn ! i can make all of my own clothes .
2 that would save a lot of money
3 it sure does , and i needed it for my cancer treatments .
3 i am sorry about that
3 no worries , it is gone now , and i had the support of my kids and grandkids .
4 it sounds like you have a big family
4 i sure do . do you have a big family ?
4 i have four siblings and two loving parents
4 wow , four siblings . that sure is a lot . must have been busy growing up
call_id_131
0 hi how are you ? also , what are some of your interests ?
0 i am well . i am a homebody that spends a lot of time at work .
0 i particularly enjoy browsing the web myself . i also love solar technology !
0 i have to try to save money . care sales always change . i hate it .
0 i try to save money by eating only organic food . really helps my health !
0 we eat out a lot . my wife hates cooking and i work so late sometimes
0 i love eating out ! i have a favorite organic cafe i eat at .
0 when you are forty years old . you do not really care what it is . just eat it
0 that is true . the older you get the less it matters .
0 yeah , been married for 20 years and can not manage to save a dime from work .
1 i try to save . it is hard sometimes though . i like shoes too much .
1 you and my wife both . she has a closet full .
1 would you consider yourself a feminist ? i am for sure .
1 i keep an open mind . everyone works for a living , some manage better than others .
2 i agree with that idea . do you like twitter ? it is my favorite !
2 i do all my car advertising on facebook . i have not really tried twitter
call_id_132
0 hi i am tom i work as a indie wrestler
0 hi how are you today ? i like to walk .
0 i am good i like people i volunteer to help local shelters
0 that is nice of you . i deliver babies so i am a doctor .
0 oh that is a good profession must make alot of money
1 it is a comfortable living . i like spending time with family .
1 that is cool i do not have family these days
1 i am sorry to hear that . we used to go to disneyland together .
1 i have never been there but saw the commercials before
1 it is alot of fun my favorite character is mickey mouse .
1 i like goofy he is pretty cool
1 i like him also he is a trip .
2 what do you have planned today ? i have to volunteer again tonight
2 no alot just spending time with my kids . that is nice to volunteer .
3 oh that is cool i started a new show on netflix
4 i like to read books also .
call_id_133
0 good afternoon how are you doing ?
0 i am great ! just got in from a long walk .
0 i do that in my spare time it is good excercise
0 it is . i live french fries and burgers so i need to exercise !
0 lol well that is a good reason
1 yes , where do you live ?
1 i live in the sunny state of florida surrounded by my huge family
1 that is so nice ! i just bought a house in tennessee . do you like florida ?
1 yes i love it my children are always around and my grandchildren are always over visiting
2 that is wonderful . i am working on being healthier . no soda , just water !
2 water is all i drink because i had medical issues three years ago
3 well it is good for you . do you have any pets ?
3 yes i have a black lab who is constantly at my side
3 i am a huge dog lover ! i have a mutt i adopted from the shelter .
3 awww yeah she is my therapy dog i had cancer three years ago
3 i am sorry but glad that you have her !
call_id_134
0 hello ! i just got back from a run . what are you up to today ?
0 hi ! i am thinking where to go next . i am traveling .
0 that sounds exciting . what about somewhere that has great food ?
0 that would be france , french food is the best . but i have been there , 5 times .
0 wow that is a lot ! i only travel to go to marathons . i need to try france !
1 are you an athlete ? i try to stay in shape , too .
1 i would say i am athletic , yes . however i just run and swim . nothing else
1 do you like swimming in the ocean ? i do .
1 yes ! i go to the ocean when i do the la marathon each year .
2 that is nice . i have a yacht , i love sailing it .
2 a yacht ! that is awesome . i am impressed .
2 thanks . i wish i could say i earned it . no , inherited .
2 have you had it long ? i imagine it was hard to learn how to drive it
2 about two years . i have a captain , so i do not drive it myself .
2 did the captain come with the yacht ?
2 no , i had to hire one . the previous one was too old .
call_id_135
0 hi there , how are you
0 i am good . how are you ?
0 i am pretty good . tell me about yourself ?
0 well , i love shopping and pampering myself . i go to the spa a lot !
0 sounds like fun . i personally like watching nascar racing and ufc
1 i do not watch much television , but i love music . britney spears is my favorite .
1 britney spears is good but not my favorite , aerosmith is .
2 that is cool . what is your favorite food ?
2 mexican food is my favorite , whats yours ?
2 i like mexican food , but i eat salads a lot to watch my diet .
3 oh ok . whats your occupation
3 i am a professional model . how about you ?
4 i am a construction worker , do you travel a lot ?
4 i do . i love traveling to new exotic places .
4 i wish i could travel more , my job does not allow it much
4 it is fun , but gets tiresome . what else do you enjoy ?
call_id_136
0 hi ! do you like purple and lime ?
0 they are ok ! blue is better than purple though .
0 unless it is on your hair . mine is brown .
0 cool ! my hair is sweaty . i just got back from the gym .
0 ugh . when mine gets sweaty , the curls poof out .
0 my husband loves it when my hair poofs out .
0 i have to use three products to straighten mine .
0 that is crazy ! i hope there are not any animal products in there .
0 nope . my moms friend uses all vegan products .
0 wow , that is great . i support that . i am actually vegetarian myself .
0 i have been vegan since seventh grade .
0 that is so beneficial to the world and your health ! nice work .
0 yes , it is . my principal thinks there is something wrong with me .
0 forget that . he probably has diabetes from all the burgers he eats .
call_id_137
0 hello . how are you tonight ? i am doing great .
0 hi ! just enjoying the sun during vacation . i am at miami beach .
0 i would love to take my wife and kids to the beach .
0 i am on a school trip . brought some 4th graders . i am their teacher .
0 how many 9 year olds do you have with you ? my youngest is 9 .
0 10 . after a swim , we are going to play monopoly . board games are the best !
0 are you the only adult there ?
0 my parents are helping , too . they used to teach .
0 so you are not really on vacation .
0 later this evening , i am sneaking away to catch up in concert . my fav !
0 never heard of up . is that a musical group ?
0 a band . semi vacation . my favorite way to spend vacation is at the beach .
0 with 3 kids , it is great . with 10 , i would not go to great .
0 i will do anything to go to the beach ! and i love kids .
0 i love kids too . almost as much as i like chocolate ice cream but not 10 .
0 oh , yummy ! sounds good right now !
call_id_138
0 hello ! i finally turned 18 !
1 cool do you like pro wrestling or not .
1 i used to watch it with my boyfriend all the time , but we broke up .
1 well that is to bad , i am a wrestler my self !
1 that is neat ! i like old hogan because his uniform is my favorite color . . . orange !
1 cool i like him to . that is why i workout all the time !
1 i have a fish that is orange and i named him hogan too !
2 speaking of fish i made some yesterday . while volunteering at the homeless shelter .
3 no kidding ? i actually work at a shelter in seattle . do you hike
3 no ! but i would like too do so one day .
3 i hike before work in the morning . the morning sun is the best .
4 you hike before you go to work ? where do you live ?
4 i live in seattle . there are many places to hike .
4 i should travel more often i really like having people around me .
4 travel up here and we can hike and watch wrestling .
4 sounds fun . maybe one day !
call_id_139
0 hello how are you this fine evening
0 i am tired from waitressing all day . you ?
0 i am pretty tired too
0 what did you do all day ?
0 i have been singing all day
0 as your job or as a hobby ?
0 i grew up in the music industry
0 oh nice . i grew up riding motorbikes with dad and i still do it today
0 i can sing a country song about that
0 i enjoy country music too
0 name 3 country songs you like
0 young by kenny chesney is my favorite , also wagon wheel and amazed
0 so you are one of those
0 one of those smart people who always wears a helmet on my motorcycle ?
0 something like that yeah sure
0 haha well i have to protect my pretty face and large dark brown eyes
call_id_140
0 hey , are you a city kinda person or the county type ?
0 i guess country . i like walking my german shepherd , barnaby on trails .
0 oh awesome , i like to walk my pet cow . we are best friends .
0 very cool . we had a grey cow when i was a child . i love grey colors .
1 oh that is nifty . do your parents own a farm ?
1 when i was young . then my dad went to be a nascar driver .
1 oh i watch that every week . my parents were just good ole farms .
2 right on . i work for the post office . what do you do ?
2 oh i do electrical work .
2 that is cool . do you enjoy it ?
3 i do but i get to drive my big truck to work . what do you drive ?
3 i drive a grey ford taurus .
4 oh because you like grey ! haha . do you listen to the radio ?
4 i do . mostly top 40 and alternative .
4 oh i really like county music .
4 country music is good also .
call_id_141
0 hi how are you this afternoon
0 very good and how are you doin ?
0 good tired from walking dogs early in the morning !
0 that is always tiring , have dogs myself
1 oh wow how many ? i have three
1 wow i have two dogs and one cat
1 cool well if you ever need them walked i have a dog walking business
2 i will keep that in mind , you have any brothers or sisters
2 no my dad was to busy traveling to give me a sibling
2 only child , i have 4 siblings one brother three sisters
3 that is a lot i wish i had a sibling . are you guys close ?
3 yeah mostly especially with my brother
3 do you watch sports together ?
3 we are from alabama so big roll tide fans
call_id_142
0 hello , i enjoy shopping , especially for cars .
0 hi , that is nice . i spend my free time gardening and walking outdoors .
0 i like the outdoors . i especially enjoy driving cool cars .
1 cool . what kind of cars ? i am a school teacher .
1 i someday hope to own a rolls royce ghost ! what do you teach ?
2 i teach elementary school . 3rd grade . i also have a dog . do you like dogs ?
2 i do like dogs ! what type of dog do you have ?
2 i have a golden retriever named sally .
2 i had a babysitter who had a golden retriever that i enjoyed as a child .
2 they are very nice dogs . i enjoy taking her on walks .
2 i currently work with a watch dealer . maybe you could walk there someday .
3 maybe so . do you sell watches ?
3 yes , our shop sells watches . i help with repairs .
3 very nice . maybe i will stop in sometime .
4 i would like to meet you ! do you enjoy shopping ?
4 i do enjoy shopping , as i think many women do . i must get going now .
4 it was nice talking to you !
4 nice talking . have a good day .
call_id_143
0 hey , i really like driving my ford pinto
1 nice i am in love with taylor swift
2 i really enjoy donuts ! and playing xbox , call of duty
3 that is funny , i do not get along with my wife
4 my favorite band is icp , insane clown posse
5 i am getting married after winter , time for an upgrade
6 awesome , on the weekends i do live action roleplaying events
6 role playing is fun for everyone right ?
6 yeah it is , what an escape
6 well i have to stand out right ?
6 yeah you sure did , so cool
6 i am kind of a big deal
6 i am not gonna debate that
6 i am the greatest ever
6 hey i do not know about that
6 well you just do not know yet
call_id_144
0 hello , do you have a book you recommend ?
0 i do not like to read .
0 i am pregnant , and it helps pass the time .
1 do you play video games ?
1 i do not . my husband does . we had a playstation cake .
1 that is cool . i play a lot of games
1 i watch movies and work .
2 how far along are you ?
2 i am six months . i was married eight months ago .
3 congratulations ! where do you work ?
3 i am a teacher , i just started this year . what do you do ?
3 i make jewelry at home and sell it online .
3 very nice ! i also make candles and tincture herbs .
3 oh that is great ! i love to be creative .
3 i do too . i am an art teacher .
3 how fun ! do you like music ?
call_id_145
0 i cant believe the news i just got . my sister is a stripper
0 sounds like my kids ! ha . . stay at home dad here , have to laugh somewhere .
0 we grew up christian so its out of character .
0 i bet i am sorry . it is an interesting job choice .
0 what do you do for work ?
0 i stay home with kids now , prior was in human services .
0 what does human services mean ?
0 i helped families to learn how to live together basically !
0 my family may need that soon .
0 oh no . is your life a horror movie ? i love those !
0 no but my favorite color is blood red .
1 ohhhh yikes ! that can be purchased at home depot . my dad used to work there .
1 i spend a lot of time there getting stuff for my tractor .
2 do you own a farm ?
call_id_146
0 hello , i hope you have a better job than i do
0 hi . i am a little league coach . i have 5 sons and a mini van .
1 five sons ? do they play on your team ?
2 yes , and therefore i drink a lot of coffee , it is my favorite . what is yours ?
2 cool and coffee is great , as a graduate student i pull tons of all nighters
2 i like to have wine some nights on occassion as well .
2 i do not enjoy wine but i do enjoy psychology journals
3 what kind of job do you have ?
3 i walk dogs to pay for college and food
3 that is not such a bad job . it sounds fun .
3 it is not stable enough and it does not pay enough
3 but at least you get lots of fresh air .
3 i get enough of that when i go kayaking
3 ah , yes . i have never kayaked . is it fun ?
3 tons of fun , it is very exciting
3 very nice . i must go now . have a lovely evening .
call_id_147
0 hi . i am working as a custodian right now to help pay bills .
0 bonjour , i am kay . i am also trying to get out of debt .
0 i play music and hope to make it big some day .
1 you and me both ! i cannot play , but sing fairly well . i am looking for a guitarist .
1 i play the guitar ! i also sing and play piano .
1 you might be my man . or my woman ! i sing oldies . think james taylor .
1 i sing folk music . my parents are not supportive .
1 i am sorry ! do you play in your garage ? i consider myself also a francophile .
1 i play in small coffee shops .
1 ok , that will get you some exposure . any paying gigs or crazy fans ?
1 i make a little money , that is why i am a custodian
1 bathrooms provide great acoustics ! so do corridors !
1 i will keep that in mind .
1 i have been there . also sang french and spanish songs on a street corner .
1 i love hearing spanish songs too .
1 i love the spanish songs that josh groban sings .
call_id_148
0 hi , want to get to know each other ?
0 hey , george here . lets be friends
0 hi george , i am regina . do you enjoy dance ?
0 i do enjoy it , as a bee farmer
0 that is a cool job . i work for a cute little bookstore
1 awesome . i really like papaya , my favorite food
1 that is an interesting choice . i would have to pick french fries
2 i have zero family that i am close to , lets be fam
2 sure . i could always use a new family member . do you like dogs ?
2 awesome . i love dogs they are the best
2 great ! i compete with show dogs
2 awesome , well with dogs you can not go wrong
3 its a lot of work but fun too . what do you do for fun ?
3 i play shows , record music , and read
3 wow . that is a lot . what kind of music
3 its like radiohead , or slower rock
call_id_149
0 hello . how are you today ?
0 i am a geek , because i love programming study for it now
0 i am a construction worker . i do not know much about computers
1 i am doing good , and you ? i also teach swimming locally
1 that must be interesting . i do not have time outside of house building to do much
2 that is fine , do you like death metal music ?
2 no , not really . i am more into stuff from the eighties .
3 i see , i am from india and you ?
3 ohio . pretty boring , really . just me and my 5 cats . do you have pets ?
4 do you like eighties music ? i love it .
4 yep . absolutely . great stuff . bon jovi , poison , journey . . . all the hair bands
4 no , i had a dog and a turtle in the past
4 that is cool . why do not you have pets now ?
4 yeah , i love those bands , you like hard stuff ?
4 like metallica ? they are definitely cool .
4 i do not want to talk about my pets
call_id_150
0 i get to see my mom tomorrow , i got into trouble
0 what happened to you ? why ?
0 i am not sure but i get to leave in 30 days
0 why do you get to leave
0 because i will have served my time . i have old , sticky fingers
0 are you passing away or something
0 no , i am in jail . was trying not to say it outright
0 what did you do to get in there
0 i stole a pack of gum , this time atleast .
1 what did you do last time
1 i hijacked an elephant from a travelling circus
1 why did you do that
1 well , to be honest . . . . i was drunk
1 that must have been embarrassing
1 i could not tell you , i blacked out .
1 i am sorry about that
call_id_151
0 hi i love cooking and fishing ! and reading comic books
0 oh , i just like gardening .
0 if i am not in the kitchen , i am on my boat in the water
1 that is cool , i got a job just now in a gas station
1 cool , i got a spiderman comic at a gas station
1 i had a spiderman comic as a kid . my adopted parents gave it to me .
1 spiderman and gas stations rule
2 clowns do not though , they scare me .
3 yeah do your old parents scare you ?
3 no , but my dad keeps setting me up on blind dates .
3 or does the clown trauma scare you from being a kid ?
3 i did have a traumatic experience about that .
3 yeah ? wow crazy , hope it gets better
3 yeah , until then , keep those clowns away from me .
4 how are you this evening ?
4 i am doing good how are you ?
call_id_152
0 hi , how are you today ?
0 i am well thank you . i got brand new job today ! i am a life coach
0 wow that is great , i use to be in the military .
0 wow , i love our soldiers . thank you for serving our the country !
0 i donate half of my check to different veteran charities .
0 how nice ! that is a wonderful cause .
0 i also like to help out at my local pet rescue , i like like bunnies .
0 animals are wonderful . as a cancer survivor , my cat was always near me .
1 my love the color blue , what is your favorite color ?
1 i love green . i just bought some green shorts to wear to a marathon .
1 i like navy blue best of all the colors .
1 blue is nice . i wear blue sweats when i run . i love running , strengthens me .
2 i work in a shipyard , that how i get my workout in .
2 nice ! my parents are both very athletic . they encouraged me to stay fit .
call_id_153
0 hi my name is darlene how are you ?
0 hi good thank you . i am wanda , age 60
0 i am 43 and try to buy only organic products
1 that is very good . i work in a library . how about you ?
1 i work online in data entry , and i am a strong feminist .
2 good for you ! i love traveling . . . do you like to travel ?
2 i do , but mostly i love to surf the internet , i am an avid twitter user .
2 twitter is fun , yes . ever been to spain ? i have .
2 no never , would love to , i recently had solar panels installed on my roof .
2 that is a good thing to do . do they work well ?
3 so far , they are new to me so we will see . married or kids ?
3 no , neither . i will probably retire in several years , so probably will be lonely
3 that is sad , are you looking ? i am single but looking .
3 kind of . . . but i am 60 , so i do not know how realistic it is
3 never to late , you are a catch ! look at it that way !
3 aw you are nice . . . i like your way of thinking
call_id_154
0 hello , how is your day going ?
0 awesome ! my parents are taking me to disney world again this year . every year !
0 that sounds wonderful ! maybe i will take my children there too
1 do you let your kids play on the playground ? i do that . it is fun !
1 yes , my dogs like to play with them on the playground .
2 that is so cool ! mr morris , my third grade teacher , we have a class dog !
2 that sounds amazing ! i thought about becoming a teacher . i settled for it work .
3 when i grow up , i want to sing the songs that i love from frozen .
3 why not sing them now ? time passes quickly .
3 i want to be famous , like mickey mouse . he is my favorite . i love disney !
3 i live near disney world in florida , in fact i own a house there .
3 do you sing songs from the frozen movie ?
3 no , i just watch the american sports that i enjoy .
3 my parents said that karate is a sport . i take karate .
call_id_155
0 what do you like to do ?
0 visit spain in my free time when not working as a librarian . you ?
0 small world ! my husband who is adopted is orginally from spain !
0 how wonderful ! i may move there in a few years when i retire .
1 that would be great . as a librarian , do you like adult coloring books ? i love those !
1 yes ! i am in a group for planning and stickers which seems silly at 60 .
1 fun ! i love the coloring books but they often get nibbled on by my german shepherd !
1 aw ! what else do you like to do ?
1 we live on a farm . being in a rural community means we work hard then relax !
1 i love it ! we have an old farmhouse but only have cats .
2 my dog would enjoy your cats . he is old and too tired to chase anymore .
2 he sounds like a sweetheart .
3 yes and he loves being on the farm . what else do you enjoy ?
3 watching the grand kids grow up , hot teas , holidays . you name it !
3 that sounds perfect and so relaxing !
3 it is ! i love this life .
call_id_156
0 do you want to go the the playground with me ?
0 hi ! just finished my mega dose of twitter today . how about you ?
0 my parents will not let me on twitter . maybe when i am in 5th grade .
0 no can do on the playground . too busy surfing the net all the time !
1 you surf ? what a cool kid . i want to surf with mickey mouse .
2 are you male or female ? women rule the world , you know !
3 yay ! i am a girl . will you go to disney world with me ?
3 no mickey mouse here he is a he ! besides , gotta pay for my solar panels .
4 are the panels on your house ?
5 roof . make sure at disney you only eat organic . that is the way to go !
5 when i am old enough to shop for myself , i will .
5 good . only buy organic , because its good for you .
5 i will remember that . i should get back to the playground now .
5 have fun ! and stay safe out there .
5 i will . you can come if you want to . i have lots of friends .
5 i will think about it . but i have a feminist march to attend later .
call_id_157
0 how are you doing today
0 i am doing good , how about you ?
0 i am great just listening to music
0 cool , what is your favorite type of music ? mine is country
0 classical and light jazz . country is not bad
1 that is cool , classical is nice at times . what are your hobbies ?
1 i like to work on the farm
2 what animals do you have ? i enjoy working on vintage cars ; i won two mustangs
2 i have horses and cows
2 awesome ! i own 2 dogs , love them
2 what are their names ? i name my animals .
2 precious and sammie . what are the names of your animals ?
2 i have twenty of them
2 oh wow ! twenty ! that is a lot !
2 yeah it is a lot to keep track of
2 i love animals , always have . they are amazing
call_id_158
0 hi ! want to know a secret ?
0 hi good morning , of course what is the secret
0 i had surgery last week and now i think of an object , and it moves !
0 oh wow you are like a super hero , i just want to be a dog
1 i love dogs ! what kind of dog ?
1 i want to be a yorkie . . . i like chocolate candy too yummy
2 are you a boy like me ?
2 i am a girl and i like playing with my blocks they are so colorful
2 i like legos too , they have them here in the hospital .
2 oh wow they are so much fun i want a lot of legos when i turn 5
2 they even make them in pink and purple . i like them a lot myself .
2 i love that , i want to play blocks and sing
3 do you watch cartoons or mickey mouse ?
3 i like paw patrol because i want to be a dog
3 my sister and brother love that show as well , they like chase and marshal .
3 i like marshal he is awesome , adults never understand what i am saying lol
call_id_159
0 hi there ! i am eating tofu while running around the park .
0 hi . that is an interesting combo ! i love cars .
1 awesome , my husband has a blue car . that is my favorite color .
2 that is neat . where do you work ? i have a great work at home job .
2 i work for the vegetarians with vaginas organization .
3 that is cool ! i go to the gym a lot with my girl friends . they are great !
3 i run a lot . no time for the gym . i am a very busy woman .
3 i am lazy though sometimes . i love binge watching tv .
4 i just got finished watching narcos . pablo is a beautiful man .
4 i love narcos ! better call saul is a favorite of mine as well !
5 sometimes i chew up meat but spit it out . am i still vegetarian ?
5 lol ! i guess you could be . i am not sure that all would agree though .
5 i cannot let my coworkers find out . they will burn me at the stake .
5 they should be more understanding . my boyfriend and his girlfriend are sometimes really judgemental about food .
6 sometimes i punch my sisters cat . oh , are you polygamist ?
6 i am . it is interesting . honestly that is horrible ! that poor cat .
6 yolo , you know what i mean ?
6 but . . . . . the poor cat .
call_id_160
0 hello , how are you tonight ?
0 very late night here . i am good . how are you ?
0 i am doing well , thank you . i love to dance , now that i am out of danger .
0 dance is medicine . painting used to be mine . what danger were you in ?
0 i was in a refuge camp in somalia , my aunt rescued my sister and i .
0 i am so sorry , but so glad you were both rescued and are safe .
0 thank you , i was forced into marriage , but that stopped before it started .
0 as a woman and a mother of two , i am so sorry , but glad that stopped . too .
0 i love the us . you are so lucky to have been born here .
0 i do not take it for granted .
1 my favorite thing ? all of the different stores . the freedom .
1 i am happy for you that you get to enjoy what you deserve .
1 thank you . also , the food is amazing . fries are the best thing ever .
2 have you tried fries with melted cheese ? !
2 yes , and those with the gravy and cheese crumbles , curds ?
2 comfort food if ever there was one !
call_id_161
0 hi , i feel sold , in a juvenile detention for shoplifting
1 that is to bad , where is your family
1 my mom is here though , visiting . jamaica mane
2 what do you do to pass the time
3 mom is coming tomorrow to visit i meant
4 do you get to go to school
5 i talk to the squirrels who call me a nut
6 very funny , do you get to read , i find it relaxing
6 yeah school of hard knocks
7 do you get to exercise
8 yeah i read lots of things , mostly newspapers on turtles
9 what are you going to do when you get out
9 yeah , i play basketball a lot
9 i like to walk , at least 3 miles
10 i am going to head to the clothing store and buy instead of steal
10 that sounds like a good idea
call_id_162
0 howdy , haw are you this morning ?
0 i am cool thanks . you ?
0 i am alright , just taking a break . spent the morning working in the fields with dad .
0 nice , i live with my folks too . only in grade 10 here .
1 aww just a young one . what do you like to do ?
1 study biology and practice running long distances . how about you ?
1 well i mostly enjoy riding my horses , but also listening to music while i work .
1 that is the best . i do that whilst i do homework . my grades rule !
2 that is awesome ! good job . what kind of music do you like ?
2 rock music , it is good to work out too . i want to train people .
2 that is what kind i like too ! training people ? anything like training horses ?
2 physical therapy , helping the injured and disabled . it is my calling .
2 well that is a very noble profession . helping people is good . that is why we grow food .
2 food is important , health is too . you are a farmer ?
2 yes i am , just like my daddy .
2 very cool . i will run a marathon someday , like my father did .
call_id_163
0 hello there , how are you ?
0 healthy for a 40 year old car salesman .
0 that is interesting as i am a pro wrestler
0 wrestler ! wow you must be fit and healthy .
0 i workout a few times every week
1 financially , i can not afford a gym . the money gets spent by my wife .
1 i know the struggle , i volunteer at a homeless shelter
1 great , i hope you do not get to see me there .
1 i hope not either , would not wish it on my worse enemy
1 between wife , job with no money , i am thinking now of divorce .
1 i have given it a few thoughts before
2 do you give demonstrations of your skills ?
2 of course , i love doing demonstrations in public
2 wrestlers and actors are in same category , i think .
call_id_164
0 hi , how are you this evening ?
0 i am well , i just finished rehearsal . i sing country !
0 interesting ! i am a big britney fan , she had a country album
0 i know ! sadly , only people who are in the industry for a long time know that .
1 true , so what are some of your hobbies or interests besides country ?
1 i like to play guitar and explore national parks !
1 me personally , i enjoy spending some expendable cash , and trying new diets
1 what kind of diets have you tried ?
1 lately mostly low sodium keto ones , hate to admit i am on the high maintenance side
1 that is alright , as long as you are passionate with what you like !
2 totally ! any interesting quirks you have ?
2 i like rascal flats , they are my favorite band .
2 i honestly do not know too much about country music
2 they sang life is a highway in the movie cars !
2 i have never seen any of the pixar cars movies , a bit after my time
2 i see , what are some of your favorite movies ?
call_id_165
0 i just got back from my salsa dance lessons
0 that sounds like a really fun time . i was just meditating
0 that is so relaxing . my lite brite patterns are relaxing too
0 i am buddhist , my spiritual journey relaxes me
0 cool beans . i am a 1980 kid and love new kids on the block
0 i quit my job to devote more time to my spiritual journey
1 that is cool . maybe one day i will be good enough to teach dance
2 i have not spoken a single word in three months , this is the only way i communicate
2 that must be hard . i would be talking to my lite brite !
2 it is easy being in alaska , there are not many people around
2 good point . can you see the northern lights there ?
2 you can , i do enjoy meditating under them
2 i dream of the northern lights when i play lite brite
2 that sounds like a spiritual experience to me
call_id_166
0 hi what are you up to today ?
0 hi i am eating shawarma for lunch ! its my favorite
0 cool i am eating pasta and garlic bread . my favorite
1 that sounds good too . what do yo do for a living
1 well i won gold medal in the olympics so i work out a lot
1 wow a gold medal that is great . i am a in the canadian army
2 awesome what kind of sports do you like ?
2 i really like american football . i am a steelers fan
2 awe i am more into gymnastics
2 that is cool . what event did you win the medal in
3 gymnastics . how do you spend your days ?
3 when i am not working i am exercising and spending time with family
3 cool i workout about 4 hours a day so that is the center of my life
3 i use to workout like that but i became unhealthy from it
3 how did it make you unhealthy ?
3 i did not eat enough to handle my workout so burnt more than i ate
call_id_167
0 good evening , how are you ?
0 i am doing well . how are you ?
0 i am not doing so good .
0 what is wrong ? my wife is a doctor if you need help .
0 for starters i cant stand school i hate it so much
0 oh , are you still in high school ?
0 no i am in grammer school and i am only 12
1 i hated school too but i became a professional tennis player .
1 a professional tennis player . did you have friends in school
2 oh , so it is the people , not the academia , that you are having a problem with ?
2 i do not have friends because they think i am too smart
2 oh , wow . i wish i had that problem when i was in school .
2 they also do not like me because i have red hair and blue eyes
2 why ? redheads are beautiful ! we keep on having red haired babies !
2 thank you but they do not like me much i do not know why
2 i had problems in school . when you get older it does not matter .
2 thank you for the encouragement
3 now i own a three storey house with the love of my life , our babies , and my dog .
3 i wanna be like you some day .
3 you will . probably better . just keep working hard and do not listen to them !
call_id_168
0 hey there , how are you ?
0 hey ! good , how are you ?
0 a little tired , but have not done much , you ?
1 how old are you ?
2 19 , you ? where you from
2 40 from ny , how about you ?
2 dead center of ohio , not much to do here
3 i hear ya on that . what do you do for a living ?
3 i work at a fast food place temporarily
3 oh cool . i sell cars , really dislike it . not much money to show for it either
3 really ? you would think you would get good comission
3 i do but my wife takes it all unfortunately
3 well , kind of what wives are for ,
4 i will be leaving her soon . are you in college ?
4 taking some time off , i had a plan and i cant follow through
4 i am sorry but do not worry
call_id_169
0 hello i am 60 years old
0 hi ! i just sat down to listen to some classical music .
0 i love classical music as a librarian its my favorite
1 being a christian i also like christian rock . do you like to read ?
1 i love to read , i have been to spain and while there i read more than ever
2 never been there . i love to ride on my tractor . i love the outdoors .
2 i will be retiring in a few years , do you like camping ?
2 i do ! i am very different from my sister . she is a pole dancer in a club .
2 that is a big difference . when you camp , how do you cook ?
2 with a campfire and cast iron pans .
2 i will love relaxing in nature .
3 i just purchased a beautiful red sweater . red is my absolute favorite color .
3 that is perfect for the holidays . i love to sew sweaters and hoodies .
3 i love to crochet ! it is time to start thinking about the holidays !
3 yes , i sometimes use a loom for crochet too .
3 i never used a loom but will have to try sometime .
call_id_170
0 good morning ! how are you ?
0 hello ! i am lonely . how about you ?
0 i am good . i am sad to hear that you are lonely . why is this ?
0 i am the only one with superpowers . others do not understand me .
0 are you allowed to tell me what your superpower is ?
0 i can make time stop . have you ever wished for this before ?
0 i have never wished for this before . why do you do it ?
0 i like to because although i am a small girl it shows my powers .
0 i am getting married this spring and need to plan a wedding . can you help stop time ?
0 i can . does getting married mean you do not feel lonely ?
0 i am not lonely . i have a lot of things to accomplish before the big day .
0 what else do you need to accomplish ?
0 invitations , catering , photographer , venue , plus i am a kindergarten teacher and need to create curriculum .
0 that sounds very exciting and busy !
1 how old are you ? i am 24 .
1 i am still very young .
call_id_171
0 hello how are you this afternoon
1 well , i have really short hair and it is blonde . how about yourself ?
1 really sounds kind of cute though lol
2 it is freezing outside , i enjoy wearing skinny jeans and leggings . and you ?
2 i am often gunning for new shoes lol
2 oh wow , me too . my favorite shirts are flannel ruffle sleeves and any nirvana band shirt .
3 really that is sick love them , can we talk rolls royce for a second
3 sure , i have super computer that i enjoy playing video games and listening to music on .
4 ok but that rolls royce ghost tho am i right
4 of course , it is the wallpaper for my computer
4 dang get me yo feels me ?
4 yes . what music do you listen when driving your rolls royce ?
4 i listen to john denver cuz we rocky mountain high
4 i love listening to dolly parton , with the top down so everyone can listen as well .
4 do not say the tops down say the boobies are out
5 in my online role play game i always run around streaking , so all can watch and admire .
call_id_172
0 good morning ! did you see the sunset last night ? it was beautiful
1 i am only 4 years old . how old are you ?
1 i just turned 18 yesterday ! it was a tough birthday though
1 really why ? my birthdays are great !
1 my boyfriend and i just broke up a couple months ago . i miss him
1 that is sad . just get anew one . that is what i do when i loss a doll .
2 at least i still have my pet fish ! do you have any pets
2 yes i have a turtle . i love him .
2 what is your turtles name ?
2 snaps he is a snapper . whats your fishes name ?
2 his name is bob . i would like to have a dog to go hiking with
2 my friend who lives next to me has a dog .
3 what is your favorite color ?
4 blue . me and my best friend play dolls a lot . what do you do ?
4 i go to school . do you have a favorite doll ?
4 yes her name is mel . do you have a favorite class ?
call_id_173
0 good evening friend , hows it hangin
0 hey there ! i just got back from one of my dog agility classes .
0 yeah ? how did that go and what the heck is it ?
0 it went great . my dog did awesome . what do you do ?
0 but what is dog agility class ? is that yoga for dogs ? i bake bread at bakery
0 the obstacle course for dogs . i compete with larry my border collie .
1 i get it . i worked at petsmart for two years and then i got canned
1 ah too bad ! i work at a barnes and noble . chemistry grad .
2 my mom had a chemistry degree she died from leukemia two years after i was born
2 oh man . that is terrible . you grew up with no mom .
2 docs said it was radiation poisoning . something she was working on
3 wow . bad luck . do you dance by any chance . weekends i do .
3 some kind of military creepy thing . nah i do not dance are you kidding me ? my dad does !
4 i never dress up . always casual . fashion is not important to me . how about you ?
5 whatever do not really care i like perfume though if its subtle
5 well , it has been different chatting with you tonight . so long .
call_id_174
0 hi there ! sitting on the porch with my kitty .
1 i am wishing i could go out with my friends but mom and dad will not let me
1 awww ! i am sorry ! where do you want to go ?
1 i want to move out so i can have fun with my friends whenever i want
1 i like to have fun with my furry friends .
1 like your pets ? or are you a furry who dresses up ?
1 animals . and i love to watch birds with my kitty .
2 when i have extra time i work at burger king . its kind of gross
2 yuck ! animals for food ! phooey !
2 oh are you a vegetarian or vegan ?
2 i am into animal rights , so of course i am !
2 i am more focused on my friends . i do not drink or smoke like they do though
3 well , i am older than the hills ! but i have colorful hair !
3 i am only 19 but definitely ready to move out on my own
4 be careful what you wish for . holidays are coming , and i get blue .
4 why do you get blue around the holidays ?
call_id_175
0 hi , how are you today ?
0 good , just got home from a run , its my favorite thing to do .
0 that sounds exhilarating , i rarely leave the house , i love playing online
0 my parents got me into running , they are very fit and trim
0 i think i am addicted to the internet , i play rpgs all the time
0 i am online some but like to be outside prepping for my marathons
1 i started out going to vet school but due to my fear of blood i dropped out
1 i just started as a life coach , i could help you get motivated
1 that would be great , i really need to get myself together
2 do you like to cook ? i do so i can eat clean , its important .
2 i usually eat frozen meals .
2 frozen food is bad , full of nitrates .
2 i know but it is easy , fast and cheap
2 clean eating is the way to go , you heard it from your personal life coach !
2 i will try to make some diet changes , i think you may be on the right track
3 be positive , you can can do it . do you like walking outside ?
call_id_176
0 hello , my name is stephanie and i am a little girl , who are you ?
0 my name is eduardo and i am thirteen
1 i love playing with my dolls specifically because i like ripping their heads off .
1 that is not ok , my older brother used to do that
1 it is not ok but it is fun , especially after you throw the heads at a fan
1 wow lol ! stick to sports ! i play soccer !
1 i would love to play soccer , but i fall everytime i try to kick the ball
1 that is not good ! practice your balance !
1 maybe i get my pet turtle to play soccer instead of clumsy me lol
1 lol that would be really funny to watch
1 my pet turtle would do better than me playing soccer so yes lol
2 lol , what is his or her name ?
2 her name is shi nae nae , do you own one ?
2 no i just own a giraffe his name is earl
2 and my other turtle name is water melon drea
2 interesting names ! how did you come up with those ?
call_id_177
0 i love to read . i taking spanish and french and i am good cook .
0 hi i love to eat donuts while driving in my ford pinto .
0 great ! trabajo means to work and is my fave spanish word . you speak spanish or french .
1 yes spanish do you play games ? i like call of duty
1 yes i play mario brothers . do you know how to say where are you in spanish ?
1 no , but i roll play on the weekends
2 oh wow ! what color is your pinto ? wee means yes in french .
3 brown with pink dots , do you got a favorite band ?
3 aerosmith ! i have the call of duty game for my console but it is in spanish .
3 my favorite band is insane clown posses .
4 rose is spanish for the word pink . did you know that ?
4 no what is donut in spanish ?
4 i have no clue but it would not translate here anyway .
5 haha to funny . i once ate 12 donuts did not feel great .
5 wow ! what did you wash them down with ?
5 soda and candy was playing call of duty heavy .
call_id_178
0 hey how are you ?
0 i am good how are you doing
0 great just took a power walk
1 that is always nice are you in school
1 nope , are you ?
1 yeah i am graduating high school this year
1 cool , are you going to college after ?
1 yeah i want to go into physical therapy
1 that is a good field to be in
1 yeah what do you do for a living
1 that is a good field to be in
2 what do you do for a living
2 i own a few fast food restaurants
2 that is cool do you like it
2 yes . i am always eating the burgers and fries lol
2 lol the perks of the job
call_id_179
0 hello , i love chess . do you play ?
0 yes , i have played chess in the past .
0 what else do you enjoy ?
0 i love animals , how about you ?
0 i have two dogs actually . do you have any pets ?
0 not at the current , moment .
0 i just live with my dogs . how about you ?
0 i live with any animals .
0 i love my dogs . sometimes i take baths with them haha
0 i do not live with any animals .
0 that is too bad , you should get a pet they are great
0 maybe in the future , i have to think about it .
0 sometimes i wish my doggies could play chess haha
0 chess is a tough game to play .
call_id_180
0 hello how are you today ?
0 hi i am well , what is your favorite food ?
0 tacos i cant drink water because i have an allergy
0 oh wow i have never heard that before . i eat kosher only
1 well what do you do for fun ?
1 i have taken a second job as a stunt double , it is fun !
1 i have a robot that acts as my stunt robot but its not reald yet
1 i like robots a lot ! i just read about one in a book
1 yes i got the idea to make one from a game i helped design starcraft
1 oh cool ! i just finished my twentieth book this year !
1 good for you ! i am quite famous for being a twitch streamer
1 i have watched many streams when i lived with my dad
2 i am also a recluse
3 oh i am sorry about that , i only had one parent
3 i am ok with it .
4 well we could go to the movies if you like
call_id_181
0 hi , how are you today ?
0 i am good , i just made a huge pot of paella . how are you ?
0 i am great , do you use fresh garden veggies , i love fresh veggies
0 i love fresh veggies ! although , i am a sucker for a good fish and chips !
0 fish ! that sounds like a pet , do you have any pets , i have a dog , a weimaraner
1 i am in college , i cannot keep a pet . do you like to travel much ?
1 i do not travel much , i teach so my only time off is in the summer
1 i understand . i am an art major , so i live for the summer .
1 how are your weekends , i spend sunday at church .
2 weekends , i am usually busy with school . on my long breaks though , i visit europe .
2 europe is beautiful , i could not live there though i hear women do not shave .
2 most women do shave . my favorite country to visit is italy . what is yours ?
2 australia , the ocean there is beautiful .
2 i have never been there . perhaps some day . do you travel alone ?
3 no i travel with my family , do you enjoy outdoor activities , i love to just walk .
3 i enjoy sailing very much , i am related to columbus , so its in my blood .
call_id_182
0 hi how are you doing
0 how are you doing today
0 i am good walking my dogs
0 how many dogs do you have
0 i have three do you have pets
0 i have one dog and a cat
1 that is cool are you in a relationship
1 yes . my husband and i just had our first kid .
1 that is so cute girl or boy
1 we had a boy named taylor
2 awww that is nice what do you do for a living
2 i work in a vegan restaurant
2 that is nice i have a dog walking company
2 that would be really great
2 yeah i love being with animals
3 do you have a large family
call_id_183
0 hi , how are you doing tonight ?
0 doing dandy . what are you doing right now ?
0 i just got off work . what are you doing ?
0 just baking some cookies for a light night snack ! i love baking cookies !
0 that sounds good . my roommate and i just made left overs !
1 oh wow , my doge just came onto my lap .
1 what kind of dog do you have ?
1 a shiba . his name is gabriel .
1 that is fun ! i am getting a dog next spring .
2 that is pretty cool . what do you do as a hobby ?
2 i am currently in school to become a nurse .
2 ahhh . well , i love to knit , my grandma had taught me to knit since i was little !
2 that is a great hobby . what do you do for a job ?
2 well , when i have spare time , i always help out at the county wide bake sale .
2 i wish i knew how to bake . i can cook soup well .
2 same , i try to present the cookies i can to the sale .
call_id_184
0 hi how are you today
0 hey lets get to know each other
0 sounds good , i live in nyc but grew up on farm
0 i survived a battle with cancer
0 glad you survived ! that must have been awful
0 it was not that bad
0 do you still have take meds ? my meds give me awful side effects
0 yes i get high off chemotherapy
0 i am recovering alcoholic so meds are hard for me
0 i am a eater who is clean
1 life was easier on the farm
1 i completely agree with you there
1 big city life to overwhelming too much pressure
1 i love to run and participate in marathons
1 awesome ! i wish i was that healthy
1 its a must . got to keep the cancer away
call_id_185
0 hi , do you have any hobbies ? i spend my time fighting animal causes
0 no , i have a real job and a 2011 degree from yale
1 wow impressive . not sure you would be impressed with my rainbow coloured hair
1 hey , i never said that ! i am from manhattan , i am used to that .
1 we could get on then ! you must be quite young ?
1 yes , i graduated from yale at the age on 9 .
1 genius ! i have reached the age where i no longer say . any family ?
1 my parents are bankers , they are training me to take money from helpless goyim .
2 are they succeeding ? i find the holidays depressing just me and the cats . any pets ?
2 i keep my pet monkey bobo in the trunk of my bmw
2 bit cruel ? i watch birds with my cat maybe that is cruel as well ?
2 it is ok , i feed bobo cats . it is the circle of life .
3 cheery and i told you how i fight animal causes . what makes you laugh ?
3 that is a good question . my family was generally humorless .
call_id_186
0 hey , it is nice to chat with you today . how are you doing ?
0 doing well , just got off of work at my new job at the gas station .
0 oh nice . do you like it there ? i am actually chatting from a juvenile detention center .
0 it is a job for now . i really prefer working with plants and gardening .
0 ah , i understand . i wish i had thought like you before i decided to shoplift .
0 how long do you have to stay in the center ? my parents would kill me .
0 i am here for another month . my parents were pretty upset about the whole thing .
0 my parents adopted me when i was young . they were older and old fashioned .
0 ohh . i am pretty luck i would say . my mom is visiting me tomorrow .
1 that is awesome . are you scared there ? i am so scared of clowns .
1 i was to begin with . but it is better now .
2 maybe you can date when you get out . my dad tries to get blind dates for me .
2 oh , interesting . how do the blind dates usually go ?
2 i have not gone on one yet . he just keeps trying to set me up .
call_id_187
0 i finally hit 2k followers on twitter !
0 congrats ! do you use twitter a lot ?
0 oh , all the time . i am a huge internet junkie . facebook , twitter , etc .
0 i never got into twitter , probably because i am a little older than 30 .
0 not much of an internet person ?
0 i can be sometimes but mostly facebook . i post a lot of picture of my dogs .
0 how many dogs do you have ?
0 i have two dogs . do you have any pets ?
0 no , i cannot afford pets right now . organic pet food is super expensive .
0 it is , but i am single so i do not mind spending the money .
0 someday i will afford it . it is hard to get a good job as a woman here
0 where do you live right now ?
0 i live in a big city
0 me too but it is hard being in a big city when you do not drink .
0 oh , i can imagine , drinking is a big culture thing
0 it is , but i have other hobbies like playing chess .
call_id_188
0 hello there , how goes it ?
0 i am great because taco tuesday is coming up soon . are you celebrating ?
0 that is absolutely great just fantastic
0 you seem like a very positive person .
0 i like to think so , happens when you have lost a lot
1 i know what you mean . i just recently lost my dog .
1 did he run away from you ?
1 yes . my sisters and i looked for him everywhere but we never found him .
2 i bought a new home
2 congratulations ! that is great ! is it a one story or two ?
2 it is a 5 story place
2 wow ! no way ! what are you going to do with all that space ?
2 build a spaceship duh uh
2 oh , of course . i would build an indoor swimming pool on every level .
2 heck yeah , i really like waffles too
2 maybe you can build a waffle bar on one of those floors .
call_id_189
0 happy sunday . i am talking to you from the park
0 i am talking to you from my ping pong match on break .
0 that is cool ! is it a competition where you win money ?
0 yes it is . more money for my chocolate bars i love so much .
0 i can understand . winning money to support your chocolate bar habit
0 yes . because my real job is teaching violin and guitar in chinese .
0 interesting . i am currently in the market for a new job .
0 my father , who is chinese , might can get you a job as an electrician .
0 i am eager to learn .
0 good . i talk chinese so i would teach you to talk to father .
0 also violin too ? i have always wanted to learn
0 yes i can teach you that .
0 i would like to have you teach my daughter music too . she is a prodigy .
0 oh i was too . in chinese , guitar , and violin . ping pong too .
call_id_190
0 hello , how are you tonight ?
0 i am feeling a little lonely .
0 are all of the bars and clubs closed tonight ?
0 i am too young to know .
0 gotcha , you should never know what they are .
0 from my view , there are not a lot of people out tonight .
1 you must be in a very small town . do you have any hobbies ?
1 no , unless you count using my superpowers .
1 what superpowers do you have ?
1 i have the ability to make time stop .
1 that is so cool . can you go back in time ?
1 no , i have not learned how to yet .
1 that would be the one i want .
1 it would be nice . i like to stop time when i am feeling stressed .
1 shopping is one of my favorite hobbies .
1 i do not go shopping very much .
call_id_191
0 hi i am from another country .
0 hi ! what country are you from ?
0 i am from mexico . i am moving into my home soon you ?
1 i am in the us . i love my dogs and eating .
1 that us cool . i am having triplets soon .
1 that is awesome ! congratulations ! i workout a lot . do you ?
1 thank you . sometimes i work out . that sounds fun though
1 the treadmill is my favorite , that and the rowing machine .
1 i am a teacher i really enjoy it .
1 good , we need good teachers
1 yes we do . i am glad you like to workout .
1 i have to since i eat all the time
2 my husband already has one child so we are happy i like food also .
2 he has a child from a previous marriage ?
2 well a previous relationship yes .
2 that is common . i would like to have children in the future .
call_id_192
0 phew . that was a tough day out in the cold .
0 it is cold here too , where are you from ?
0 canada . i am an apprentice electrician , so lots of time outside .
0 oh wow ! i am in colorado , i am outside a lot too .
0 colorado would be cool to visit . lots of trucks there , i love my trucks ! !
0 i mostly hike when the weather is nice , but too cold now !
0 yeah getting cold . gotta help my parents on their farm soon .
0 i love farms , i am behind a desk , since i am an engineer .
0 that must be more interesting then fiddling with wires outside all day in the cold .
0 maybe i try to get the stress out by rock climbing after work
0 seems like you love the outdoors , wish i could say the same .
0 i do . what do you like to do ?
0 mainly just driving around in my truck to work sites , listening to country music !
0 if i had a truck , i could take my lab trooper all over everywhere !
0 nothing like a dog and a truck !
0 yes ! he is a black lab , would hang his head out the window .
call_id_193
0 i got a big house with 7 rooms
0 nice , majority of my time i am on facebook
0 one time i saw a man fly to the moon
0 like on tv ? i am obese and unhappy
1 when i worked in the cia i used facebook to spy on people , handy tool
1 i would love to hear more i work at a retirement home
1 obesity is a state of mind , not of body
1 thank you for that , you are what you believe ?
2 look energy is not physical , only spiritual
2 so , i should be able to lose weight ?
2 yes you can be anything you believe
2 i feel a lot better hearing that
2 you can change your dna with special frequencies
2 i want that , i have struggled for 10 years
2 the power is within you , it has always been within you since you were born
2 i am going to start this positive thinking
call_id_194
0 hello , how are you doing today ?
0 hi have you watched element animation yes i am fine
0 nope i do not know what that is actually .
0 it is on y o u t u b e
0 i will check it out . do you have a job ?
0 were do you live . a no
0 i live with my parents and i freaking hate it
0 how old are you and same for me
0 i am nineteen years old cant wait to get out of here .
0 congrats to you i am 11 working on my mom account
0 well stay in school and do not do drugs !
1 to earn money for myself . i hate drugs do . do you play games
1 what kind of games ? video games ?
1 yes what your name mine is z a d e n
1 my name is banjo . i do not play many video games though
1 oh my mom says that i can not play them that they are bad for me
call_id_195
0 hi there how are you doing ?
0 guten tag ! i watching some food network .
0 o ok i am just checking my app for tomorrow i have a walking business for dogs
0 that is good ! i am still finding work from my move from germany .
0 my dad was a door to door kind of sales person until he finished law school
0 that is cool . right now , i spend my time with my hobbies roller coasters and skydiving .
0 i tend to go out alot since i am in a open poly relationship
0 i am too ! my partners love to go swimming , but i am awful at it .
0 i love swimming and skinny dipping lol
0 i prefer my roller coasters and thrills .
0 haha try it first i like the thrill of it better than a roller coaster
0 i am less than a novice swimmer . i excel at drowning .
0 omg never mind i did it the first time because i lost a bet
0 that is interesting . what was the bet ?
0 that the cubs would loose last year at the world series lol
0 ah . that is a tough bet . i do not follow sports .
call_id_196
0 hello how are u tonight where are u from
0 i am from chicago i do tours at the museums
0 i was born in somalia now in the united states
1 o ok what do you like to do
1 i love to dance and i wish i was dancing on broadway
1 i would love to do that but being partly deaf i do not know
2 are u single or married
2 i am single my big collection of books at home keeps me company
2 i like to read books are easy to get lost in
2 yes they are whats your favorite drink mine is fancy tea
2 i like to drink soda to young for the hard stuff
3 o ok well what do you like to do ?
3 sports and school work keep me pretty busy right now
3 well make sure to make time for something fun
3 yeah i have had a hard life up till now
3 well i hope it only gets better from here
call_id_197
0 i love baking cookies ! i make them out of spaghetti and chocolate chips .
1 bugs bother me but scorpions are the absolute worst
1 scorpions and spiders are my number one fear in regards to ways to die .
2 i like grey it is the color of my room , my car , and pretty much my life
2 i cannot say i like grey , the country bake sale generally has pastel colors .
2 bake sales have people . i work for the post office , it keeps me away from people
2 mail induced death is number 179 on my death list ; mailmen are forbidden in this house .
2 in to conspiracies ? nascar drivers , like my dad , say their owners are aliens
2 alien probe malfunction is number 296 on my list of potentially death causing incidents .
2 whatever . where does death by scorpions fall on your list ?
2 number 24 under the red alert section . red alert means high probability .
2 death is not so bad . it is grey and a lot like working overtime
3 my only hobby that does not illicit potential death is knitting . do you like to knit ?
3 my mom knitted me a grey and brown scorpion once . i hate her .
3 death by mother made scorpion is number 1068 on my list . i knit all my lists .
3 where does getting stabbed by knitting needles rate ?
call_id_198
0 good evening , how are you ?
1 hi , do you like to travel ? i love spain so much .
1 i do not get to travel too much . i own a dog walking service .
1 i am fine , how old are you ? i am 60 .
1 i am 43 and i have 3 dogs .
1 i work as a librarian , i do not get to walk much which i really need to
1 me either . i enjoy viewing the olympics .
2 spain is a country that i had been for six times .
2 i do not even have a passport .
2 i love to collect olympic key chains from all over the world when i travel
2 that is cool . i need to travel someday .
2 why not ? maybe you do not like to travel ?
2 i do not know but i need to try to find out .
2 would you like to go to spain ?
2 yeah , i think i would like that .
2 i do suggest spain , the place is really nice with great people .
call_id_199
0 hello where are you from ?
1 i am from , orlando , do you like to play with dolls ? i do
1 i do not play with dolls , but i do dance
1 that is cool , my best friend next door dances alot
2 i had a best friend back in somalia where i was born
2 you were born in somalia ? are you still there ?
2 i am in the u . s . now thanks to my aunt
3 good , if you like it here . do you have any toys ?
3 i do not have any toys , do you ?
4 i do , thanks for asking . do not always put them away however . . . what do you do ?
4 i am a home maker . i had an arranged marriage as a child
4 your culture is diverse , all i have is a turtle companion , how did it work out ?
4 it worked out well . i dance to keep busy
4 i think i will try dancing with scruffy , my turtle
4 your turtle will like that
5 do you have a job ?
call_id_200
0 good evening , how are you ?
0 one time i had my lighter set too high and my mustache caught on fire
0 i was tending the fields one day and set a fire
0 but i later found out the russians hacked my lighter and caused that
0 i fell of a horse with a lit cigarette setting fire to the dry weeds
0 i use to work for the cia and i caught a russian spy , not personal
0 my father had his farm used for a cia operation once .
0 man a horse can kick you so hard , you go flying
0 i know i have 3 arabian horses .
1 i am not saying it was aliens , but it was aliens
1 the aliens did what to you ?
1 ask not what your country can do for you , but what you can do for africa
1 are you currently living in africa ?
1 i live on the moon
1 how is it there ? how long have you been there ?
1 one time i had this old peanut butter and i used it to seal my car engine
call_id_201
0 hi how is it going over there ?
0 hi i am doing good . was just reading a book trying to relax .
0 good . i just walked the dog .
0 how long was your walk ? everyday i walk three miles .
0 i walk as far as the dog wants to go . probably 1 mile .
1 what else do you like to do ?
1 i go to church every sunday .
1 that is nice . i like to spend time with my family as much as possible .
2 very devoted . i admire that . where do you work ?
2 i am a stay at home mom . i just love taking care of my family .
2 wonderful . i am a school teacher . i usually sleep early .
3 where do you like to go when you are off in the summer ?
3 i visit my sister in canada .
4 i cannot get enough of disneyland ! i love mickey mouse !
4 disney is the top destination for family !
4 it is always so exciting and magical !
call_id_202
0 hi , want to get to know each other ?
0 yes , i have a job at a nursing home and on facebook a lot .
0 i can not have a facebook account yet . i am 8
0 i have a son who is 8 he lives with his mom , she left me .
0 that is sad , but i bet he gets two christmas days each year
0 yes he does , even though i do not really believe in god .
1 that is fine santa will still visit him . santa brought me a big mickey last year
1 how cool ! mickey is a pretty cool dude .
2 oh yeah ! we go to disney world a lot . i love splash mountain
2 that is cool i do not go to parks i need to lose weight .
2 you could still go . they have those cool wheelchairs you can borrow
3 oh , i am not a very happy person i would just bring everyone down .
3 oh no the park makes you happy . it is the happiest place on earth
3 well maybe i will plan a trip with my kid next year .
3 that is a great idea ! he will like you more than his mom
3 oh that would be cool , i hope he love us both though .
call_id_203
0 hey ! where did you grow up ? farm life was all i knew as a child .
1 michigan , i broke my arm
1 that sucks , i am sorry to hear that . did you get any medications for it ?
1 i always wear a hat , no meds
1 the medications i take make me see some weird stuff . it is disorienting .
2 my favorite skateboarder is rob dryden
2 never heard of him . does he drink ? i cannot drink any more . i am in recovery .
2 no , he is like my friends all skateboarders
2 it is good that he does not drink . skateboarders are cool , though .
2 yeah would be bad to see skateboarders drunk , huh ?
2 haha , yeah that could be bad ! i live in the city and see plenty of wipeouts .
2 city life is the best life
3 i definitely agree . have you ever wiped out on a skateboard ?
3 yeah , holding a pizza , it was pretty cheesy
3 ba dum tss ! pizza is so delicious .
3 it sure , your favorite toppings ?
call_id_204
0 hi there ! what is your name ?
0 hi my name is jessica . what is yours ?
1 my name is blake . what do you do for a living ?
1 i work at a restaurants called panera
1 oh , i have been there many times while on the road . do enjoy your job ?
1 its ok . i am a cashier . i like the people and managers are really nice .
2 what do you like to do for fun ?
2 i like to go to the gym .
2 do you aspire to be a personal trainer one day ?
2 no . i just like to workout .
3 where do you see your career going ?
3 i am actually an artist .
3 oh wow , has that been a lucrative venture for you ?
3 well , not yet . i am working on it .
call_id_205
0 hi i am a fan of brittany spears
0 hi ! i see things . . . a lot .
0 i like to take care of myself with expensive things
0 i am an alcoholic , but i am recovering
0 i love to tan all of the time in special shops
0 i am from the farm but i am now in the city
0 i love to shop , shop for expensive things , shop all of the time
0 i hate shopping . i let my girlfriend do it
0 i love to go to concerts and go backstage on vip passes
0 i am not a big fan of expensive stuff or care about material things
0 i love to go out and stay up all night long to party , party , party
1 are you a teenage girl ?
1 i love to sleep in late and eat brunch and then do it all again
1 this is honestly so funny
call_id_206
0 hey , how are you doing today
0 i am kind of sad because my ex dumped me for a lawyer , you ?
0 i am sorry to hear that . i prefer open relationships so i can be free !
0 that is awesome that means you are very open minded .
1 i try to be ! do you like sports ?
1 nope , i prefer to stay inside , i am a recording engineer and own my own studio .
1 that is unique . i love the olympics . i walk dogs to make money .
2 awesome , how old are you ?
2 i am 25 . how old are you ?
2 i am 46 yrs old i live in california and i have 46 kids .
2 46 kids ? how do you handle that ? i do door to door sales with my dad .
2 i hire multiple baby sitters to take care of my kids , i am a single dad .
2 i am very impressed ! you seem to have it all together .
2 i have to do work a lot to take care of my kids it is actually draining
2 all of that work will pay off one day . just hang in there .
2 when they all turn 18 i will be happy , lol .
call_id_207
0 hello , how are you today ?
0 i am good but i really do not like school .
0 i am sorry to hear that , i did not graduate during highschool .
1 i am 12 and the kids pick on me because i have long red hair .
1 do you like your hair ? my army buddy has red hair .
1 i like it and my eyes are bluer then any of theirs .
2 well that sounds nice ! where are you from ?
2 arizona . where do you live ? i play video games when i finish my homework .
2 i am in canada and i love eating shawarma too .
2 what is that big word shawarma ?
2 it is like a burrito . a meat filled tortilla
2 what is that big word shawarma ?
2 what else do you like to do ?
2 oh , i like burritos a lot .
2 me too , delicious . i like veal ones best .
2 i like to ride horses and play softball .
call_id_208
0 good morning . how are you ? i just baked some cookies this morning .
0 very well . cookies sound awesome . just jamming to new kids .
0 the cookies are for the country wide bake sale . i feel at home there .
0 my home would be the dance studio . i still take weekly lessons .
0 sounds fun ! knitting is my other passion . i am making scarves for my dogs .
0 my favorite is old school hip hop though , do you like to dance ?
0 i liked to dance but i am scared i will hurt myself and die . you ?
0 do not think much about that , even though i was born in the early 80s .
0 you are still young ! you have many good years of baking and knitting for hobbies !
0 yes , but i wish i still had my lite brite doll from when i was a child .
0 those are very lovely . i remember them well !
1 she was my favorite , along with new kids on the block . you ?
1 i like my dogs and my hobbies .
1 those are great also . dogs are probably my favorite animals .
2 yes my dear they are fabulous animals . do you have pets ?
2 yes , we have three dogs and a few fish .
call_id_209
0 hi how are you doing
0 i am alright , just hanging with my dog charlie . what about you ?
0 getting ready to go to work
0 nice ! where do you work ? i am a music producer .
0 i am a stunt double for movies
0 wow , that sounds very exciting . do you get hurt often ?
0 not too much it could be worse
0 definitely . what kind of music do you like ? i prefer rap .
0 i like all music really what kind sof artists do you work with
1 i work with all sorts of artists in the musical field . what is your favorite food ?
1 i have kind of a strict diet
1 i work with all sorts of artists in the musical field . what is your favorite food ?
1 i cant eat a lot of foods that i want
1 that is so unfortunate to hear . my favorite is pizza !
1 pizza is good but i cant get a lot of toppings
1 that sucks , but at least there is a lot of variety with pizza !
call_id_210
0 hey what is going on ?
0 things are going well . i just flew back from the afp conference .
0 awesome , was the conference fun ?
0 the usual pomp and pompous . the key note speaker dragged on about banking regs
0 bummer ! but conferences can suck but someone has got to do it .
0 not too many yale degrees there though , the industry is degrading !
1 it is getting cold here where are you ?
1 manhattan is starting to feel the chill but i am used to it .
2 i hear you though it seems we are all underpaid .
2 you just have to have drive and it does not hurt to have rich banker parents .
2 yes that is true lol
3 have you seen my new bmw ? it is a limited edition model . what do you drive ?
3 99 ford mustang red 40k miles
4 oh . so , have you heard that chase is having liquidity focus groups ?
4 interesting just who will be the target market for that
4 trade leaders are feeling the pinch and want disguised bailouts .
4 they already had one bailout
4 cash is king baby , cash is king !
4 yes it is bitcoin will be king soon ?
4 not if the banks have anything to say about it . they will crush that tin market .
4 they will try to acquire it . lol
4 already in the works my friend . they are infiltrating and will derivative it out of existance .
4 i can see that happening
4 see you at the next fundraiser , this has been fun .
call_id_211
0 hello , how are you doing today ?
0 i am well . and you ?
1 good . i am ready for winter . it is so hot here in alabama
1 agreed ! still feels like summer . i build homes and welcome coolers temps ,
2 cool ! you work in construction ? do you enjoy it ?
2 yes , i love what i do . what type of work are you in ?
3 i volunteer at the local dog shelter . what do you like to do ?
3 i m a cat person myself . five to be exact . also like hunting and fishing .
3 nice . my brother is the hunter in my family . my three sisters and i do not hunt .
4 do you like the outdoors ?
4 i like taking my dogs hiking . what do you like to do for fun ?
4 most any type of outdoor activity , attending sporting events , reading , and cooking .
5 i like to cook too . tacos are my favorite . what is your favorite food ?
5 a good steak or fresh crab legs . do you like seafood ?
6 i do , but it is hard to get fresh seafood here . do you live by the coast ?
6 i do . about 13 miles to the beach .
call_id_212
0 wow what an opportunity . i am jeff . pleased to meet you
0 hi i am a christian man , i can drive tractors
0 my dad used to work construction . do you ever ride mountain bikes ? i do , of course .
0 no my sister used to , helped her become a pole dancer
1 wow , she sounds like a real cool guy . i hate pink , the color .
2 my tractor is red , i listen to classical music on it . i enjoy classic music
2 are you drunk . you are incoherent . i do not drink alcohol myself .
3 how are you this evening ?
4 well , i love coffee . are you a construction worker like my father was ?
4 yeah i am its a fun job
4 how fascinating . i also love mountain biking .
4 hope you have a great night !
4 yes . i feel we should wrap this up .
4 yeah , just waiting for it
5 the color pink is bad to my eyes .
5 yeah , so is the artist pink
call_id_213
0 hi ! how is your night ?
0 pretty good . i am doing some reading of psychology journals . you ?
0 just listening to some old tunes . new kids on the block !
0 nice . used to listen to them while my parents were making me camp out
0 yeah , i never did any camp outs , but i loved my lite brite .
1 are you a 90s kid ? me too
1 somewhat . born early 80s , so i remember mostly 90s stuff . those were good days !
1 definitely ! now that i am in grad school i wish for the simpler days
1 yes ! give me some old school hip hop and i am good . school is too exhausting .
1 it is pretty exhausting . not as tiring as kayaking though wich i love
2 so you are the outdoorsy smart type , eh ?
2 yes i can survive off the grid for weeks if needed thanks to mom and dad
2 sweet ! i will head your way when the apocalypse hits ! i will bring my music !
2 i can totally help you survive the end of the world
2 cool man . i am along for the ride
2 i think studying psychology helps me understand why my parents act the way they do
call_id_214
0 good afternoon . where are you chatting from today ? colorado here .
0 just here at my house in michigan with my boyfriend .
1 i have never been to michigan , but would like to hike there . do you like hiking ?
1 i love to go for walks .
2 i especially like going with my black lab , trooper . do you have any pets ?
2 no , just me and my boyfriend here .
3 what kind of work do you do ? mechanical engineer here .
3 i make clothes and sell them .
4 that sounds cool . what is your favorite activity ? mine is rock climbing .
4 walking is something i enjoy .
4 do you have a second favorite ?
4 probably going to thrift stores .
4 shopping is okay . what is your favorite thing to shop for ?
4 fun toys for my nieces .
4 ah , i love shopping for electronics . i just recently got a macbook pro . what kind of toys ?
4 anything fun and cute , lots of vintage stuff .
call_id_215
0 how are you ? my name is darlene and chinese is one of the languages i speak .
0 hi ! names betsy and bought our first home
1 congrats ! i love music and playing my guitar and violin .
1 i work as a teacher in a school . and also have 2 step kids
1 i am single , no kids , but am really good at playing ping pong .
2 wow that is pretty nice . i recently moved to the us with my husband
2 wow that is cool , i live in a small town where everyone knows my electrician father .
2 that is pretty cool do you like it there ?
2 i do , although i would love the excitement of a big city .
2 yeah like new york maybe ?
2 yeah , do you live in a small town or city ?
2 it is more like the suburbs if you know what that is
3 yes , do you have children ?
3 well i did say i will be popping out triplets in three months from now
3 wow triplets , your going to be busy !
3 yeah and have 2 step kids too .
call_id_216
0 hi ! do you have a house in the clouds ?
0 no but i would love to get one
1 i do . do you have any superpowers ?
1 nice ! when i wear my motorbike helmet i do feel like a super hero sometimes
1 can you make time stop while wearing your helmet ?
1 i wish i could but i cant . do you have a motorbike ?
1 no , i have a pink bike though .
2 why did you choose pink out of all colors ?
2 because i am a girl .
2 i am a girl too but mine is red with a blue stripe and its super shiny
3 i like shiny . my mom and dad do not have bikes . they have cars .
3 cars are not as much fun as bikes though
3 does yours go fast ? i get tired of pedaling mine .
3 mine is super fast . no peddling required at all . maybe you need to upgrade ?
3 my parents will not let me .
3 you just have to negotiate harder with them
call_id_217
0 hi there ! i am age 24 , how about you ?
0 hello i am almost 40
0 nice , i spend my days as a kindergarten teacher
0 i teach the kids various instruments
1 cool . i am getting married next spring and i will be 24
1 congrats on that that is cool
1 yes , the dj will play my favorite singer , taylor swift
1 oh wow so you will have a big wedding and reception ?
1 i hope so , lots of food because my friends and i like to eat out
1 oh yeah that is a fun part of the party , are you going to have drinks too ?
1 of course ! have a well rounded wedding experience
1 i would definately be getting my dance on
1 yes , we love to dance , too !
1 its going to be a day to remember with lots of pictures too !
1 yes , my family is coming from all over , too !
1 oh wow that is going to be very memorable
call_id_218
0 hi i am danny and want to be a dog when i grow up
0 hello ! i have two dogs at my house .
0 you cant give a dog chocolate candy , but i will take it
0 i know . once one of my dogs ate a whole batch of chocolate brownies .
1 my mommy and daddy helped me sing the abcs
1 that is good . what do you like to do for fun .
1 looking at blocks and shapes and singing
1 that is fun . i like to play with my dogs and go to the gym .
1 what is your dogs name ?
1 my dogs names are lady and nina . what would you name a dog ?
1 i would name a lady dog gidget . and a boy dog brownie
1 those are really nice names . i really like them .
2 do you like to sing ?
2 yes i love to sing ! i can sing a lot of songs . can you ?
2 i can sing about letters that is it
2 well that is the most important song because it helps you learn .
call_id_219
0 hey , what is your least favorite food ? mine is chicken .
0 really ? who does not like chicken ? even chickens like chicken .
0 maybe it is because i want to be a nurse , and i see food poisoning from it .
0 hmm . . . i thought about nursing after my chemistry degree . . glad i did not
0 chemistry ? that is interesting . regardless , college is so expensive .
0 yep . i peddle books out of a bus now love it
0 nice ! i work the night shift at a bar just to keep up with expenses .
0 hey maybe i have seen you . i dance at billy bobs country line on the weekends
0 perhaps , my hair is blonde and my eyes are blue , if that rings any bells . you ?
0 are you the one in the orange jumpsuit ? and the ankle bracelet ?
0 i just may be . i am always with my best friend , we live together .
1 ok . weird . oh well . i have to go feed my dog
1 what is your dogs name ? do you have any other pets ?
1 my dogs name princess pei pei she just won a blue ribbon
1 what a hilariously adorable name . congratulations to her !
1 she loves to compete . a real ham . agility classes
call_id_220
0 hi how are you doing
0 i am doing quite well . how are you ? what do you do for work ?
0 i am still in school waht about you
1 i am a tour guide for the metropolitan museum of art . what are you studying ?
1 that is so cool i am in middle school
2 i remember middle school . do you enjoy reading ?
2 i do but i do not like school very much
2 i love to read . i have a library filled with books .
3 that is cool do you have a lot of friends
4 yes , most of my friends are into horticulture . are you interested in plants ?
4 not really i wish i had more friends
5 i love growing roses in my backyard . what are your interests ?
5 just trying to get through middle school
6 i understand . do you ever drink tea ?
6 sometimes what kind of tea to you like
6 i love drinking gourmet tea . jasmine is my favorite . what is your favorite ?
call_id_221
0 i am in high school . do you go to school or work ?
0 i am a tennis player professionally
0 i will graduate in wo years
0 that is pretty cool . excited ?
0 i definitely want to be done . the cafeteria food is not even vegan here .
0 oh dang are you vegan ?
0 i have been for a year now .
0 me too , my wife is a doctor
0 did she tell you to go vegan ?
0 she just presented the case and she is so healthy , so i switched
0 i feel healthier since i made the switch for sure .
1 i go on walks with my dog to stay healthy too . what do you do ?
1 i ride horses and work out . i love horses .
1 wow that is cool , i live in a big house . it is three stories
1 i would like that . my house is small .
1 do you live alone there ?
call_id_222
0 hi ! how are you today ?
0 hi , i am 12 years old and a girl so no cussing please .
0 okay ! no problem . so what is your favorite subject at school ?
0 none , i do not care for school at all .
0 so what do you like ? sports , maybe ? i enjoy playing softball .
0 i play sports , i am in to soccer .
0 i like soccer . do you play on a team or for your school ?
0 for school , and for pleasure . what else do you like ?
0 i spend a lot of time at work because i just started a new position .
0 what is your new position ?
0 it is in insurance . the business side .
0 oh , i do not know about that since i am so young .
0 yeah , it is rather complicated .
1 i like dying my hair it is red and i do not like red .
1 what s your favorite color to dye it ?
1 blonde because it looks good with my blue eyes .
call_id_223
0 hi , how are you ? i am exhausted .
0 oh no ! i am okay . just taking a break from reading .
0 what type of book are you reading ?
0 this week a parenting book . what are you up to ?
0 i am trying to turn my life around . i am serving time for shoplifting .
0 oh my goodness . maybe some self help books will be useful ? confidence booster .
0 i will get out pretty soon . i want to learn about my career options .
0 i had no idea you had internet access from jail . maybe volunteer when you are out ?
0 i want to make sure that i can discuss some career options when my mom visits .
0 i am a tour guide at a local museum . it helps me meet new people .
0 wow , that sounds like an interesting job !
0 i love it . i am partially deaf so it is hard to find normal jobs .
0 do you enjoy the routine or do you want to do different things each day ?
0 i do like the routine . it is comforting . what are you looking for in a new job ?
call_id_224
0 hi friend , how are you today ?
0 i am good just freezing in alaska .
0 it is chilly here on my parents farm that i currently work on .
0 oh ok . its been hard lately to do my meditations since its cold .
1 i drive a big truck and love driving it this time of the year .
1 also , that would be in my interest since its been months since i have spoken .
1 what type of vehicle do you drive ?
1 just a normal ford . nothing fancy .
1 i have a ford truck as well that i listen to country music .
1 that is nice i bet it looks nice .
1 i bet alaska is nice this time of year . do you get to explore ?
1 it is a wonderful place to do meditation .
2 i live in the country with many animals my favorite is my pet cow .
2 a pet cow ? that must be nice and interesting .
2 yes she follows me around the farm .
2 i would love to see her do that .
call_id_225
0 hey nice weather we are have tonight .
0 hey , not here . snowing . i volunteer at a homeless shelter tonight
0 really sound like hard work . is it ?
0 yeah , but i wrestle professionally . and work out a few times a week
1 what kind of foods do you like ? because i love food .
1 i like pizza , and i enjoy socializing . being around people
1 really me too . and i travel all around the world to eat new foods .
1 if i got spare time i volunteer , do a lot of it .
1 i am always on the go . so i do not have much spare time !
1 awesome , can not go wrong with that
1 i have been going around the world try new foods for 1 years now .
1 yeah , well i hope all your dreams come true
1 me to . by the way , what are your dreams .
1 my family being safe and unharmed
1 wow that is a really nice dream .
1 yea it sure is very much so !
call_id_226
0 i am so annoyed with my sister .
0 why is that . you should try to get along .
0 i know , but she is a pole dancer . that is no way to make a living !
0 wow , that is insane . i have two very well behaved children and dogs .
0 i am happy for you ! it is good to have good kids .
0 so you know , i stay away from male clubs . i just watch american sports .
0 good . me too . i just drive my tractor and listen to classical music all day
0 i have worked for the same company for more than 15 years . not time for much .
0 that must keep you busy . tell me something else about yourself ?
0 not much to tell , i am an average male . tell me about you .
0 i live a boring life . my favorite color happens to be red .
0 red is not a boring color . my favorite sports team wears red .
1 what is your family like ?
1 well , my kids are usually outside playing with the dogs . what about your family ?
call_id_227
0 hi i am kim a college student studying nursing
1 hi i love to dance , i take lessons every week
1 awesome do you work i waitress at a bar
1 yes , i work at a community college teaching music
2 oh nice me and my friend got an apartment last weekend
2 that sounds cool . hopefully a bigger place
3 yea its fairly big . what color is your hair mine is blonde
3 my hair is a rainbow of colors . whats your favorite color ?
3 i like pink an awful lot
3 my favorite is teal . cant choose between blue or green
3 they are good do you like blue eyes ? i have those
3 i do as mine are blue also
4 awesome what do you have planned today ?
4 playing with my favorite toy , my lite brite
4 i remember having one of those before
4 it was my favorite as a child
call_id_228
0 hello munching on some raw veggies that is my whole diet .
1 wow , that is interesting . i am thirteen
2 i bought a house with room for a garden .
3 that is cool . did you know i am on my schools soccer team ?
4 i am in college studying economics .
4 nice ! i really dislike math classes
5 i am a rolling stones fan i go to a concert yearly .
5 amazing ! my older brother does too !
5 once a fan always a fan .
6 of course . when i go to school i take the school bus
6 i just walk or sometimes ride a bike .
6 that is better for the environment ! good for you
6 you simply have to nurture nature .
6 you really do ! it is very important
call_id_229
0 hi ! i have taken a break from my knitting to chat ! how are you ?
1 i am good and you , are you male or female ?
1 i am female , of course ! i am on the internet , am i not ?
2 what kind of job do you have ?
2 i am retired but i love baking cookies for the bake sale . you ?
2 i had a condition where my heart was placed outside my body
2 that must have been really interesting ! i
2 so i can now do things that i could not before like move things with my mind
2 my dogs would totally freak out if i moved things with my mind , ha ha ha !
2 yes it is very interesting especially because i am a young boy
2 i know our local catholic diocese really strives to bring young boys like yourself in .
2 i am lucky to have had a transplant , so i am better now .
2 that is great to hear and i am so happy you lived .
2 oh yes thank you , it must be nice having dogs .
call_id_230
0 wow , i really dropped a lot of money on my car today .
0 what is wrong with your car ? i am too young to drive .
0 nothing is wrong with my new car !
0 oh , you bought a car . thought you had to fix it .
0 i keep all my cars in great condition .
1 that is good . i wish i had someone to play with , boring being alone .
1 try going to the gym . the secret is never working out
1 no one to take me to the gym or anywhere else .
2 how old are you then ?
2 8 , and i live in a cloud by myself
2 sounds lonely . i am lonely too . my girlfriends always dump me .
2 well you could stop time like me before you get dumped .
2 they just do not understand my love for my cars .
2 who does not understand ? what type of cars do you love ?
2 my last 6 girlfriends did not understand . fast cars of course .
2 oh , what kind of cars go fast ? i am too young to know .
call_id_231
0 hi how are you doing today
0 i am doing good you ? just getting ready for tomorrow .
0 is it a big day for you ?
0 not really , i stay at home with the kids , while my wife works . lol
0 that sound nice that you get to be with your kids
0 yes . i worked 10 years in human services , but my wife missed work .
0 that is nice that you can take turns with the kids . where do you live ?
0 i live in canada . yeah , she deserved the break . she works with my dad .
0 nice , in the city ? i live in the country
1 more so , i am close to the city . lol . whats your favorite movie ?
1 die hard , how about you ?
1 more so , i am close to the city . lol . whats your favorite movie ?
1 it is die hard , what is your favourite
2 saw movies . i love horror movies . do you have kids ?
2 no i work with my parents on the farm
2 oh how nice of you . mine are 2 , 3 , and my oldest son is in middle school .
call_id_232
0 hello ! i am absolutely loving retirement .
0 hi i am ready to retire what was your occupation
0 i was an engineer , now i get to relax . what do you do ?
0 i am a tennis player what do you do in spare time
0 i used to play tennis . i enjoy a lot of things outdoors in the sun .
0 me to i love long walks with my dog on the beach
1 i like to do yard work . but i do not like cold weather
1 one of my 3 story homes is in the mountains i like cold
1 oh wow . the cold makes my joints hurt . lol
2 my big family makes mines hurt lol you have kids ?
2 i did , but they are all grown . do you ?
2 yes one is in college and twins on the way
2 congratulations ! i miss having the little tykes around .
2 thank you now i can not retire soon like you
2 that is true . you must take care of the family .
2 duties always first do you travel much
call_id_233
0 hi , how is it going ?
0 it is going well how about yourself ?
0 going good , drinking coffee lol i love coffee
0 drinking coffee ? what time is it there ?
0 830 pm haha my dad is a construction worker so he works really late nights
0 oh i see , both of my parents are well off bankers
0 really lucky bet you are loaded
0 yes but they forced me to go to yale for finance
1 ugh but you will thank them later on , i enjoy mountain biking in my spare time you ?
1 i enjoy going for long drives in my bmw
2 your text box is pink , i really dislike that color
2 oh no i am sorry not sure how to change that
2 haha probably can not . it was just always forced down my throat because i am more tom boy
3 what kind of things do you like to do ?
3 i like to watch shows and movies and play games . you ?
3 what is your favorite game ? i enjoy video games
call_id_234
0 what are you doing right now ? i am caged up for another month
0 sorry to hear . it is my birthday today !
0 happy birthday ! will you see your mom ? mine is coming to see me tomorrow
0 no , no . i just turned 100 , believe it or not .
0 i feel about a hundred sitting here in juvenile detention , how will you celebrate ?
0 maybe i will just drink wine and dance all night in the moonlight . love it .
0 you are still breathing . when i am free in a month , then i will breathe .
0 of course . i feel so strong for my age , i might just live for an eternity !
0 dancing at 100 ? you sure you just dream about dancing ? maybe too much wine ?
0 gotta celebrate ! i am so old , i recall when nobody owned a tv .
0 i work out to stay strong in juvenile detention . i do not have a tv sadly
0 yeah , juvenile detention does wind back the clock .
1 feeling older than dirt , but freedom in a month , what wine do you drink ?
1 red wine . it is good for the heart . try a cabernet .
call_id_235
0 i like to dance in class once a week
0 how interesting ! i like to rock climb , it is my favorite activity .
0 i am really old born early 80s but like old hip hop .
0 i work as a mechanical engineer , i love my job
1 do you like new kids on the block ? i love em
1 i like them , my black lab trooper enjoys their music as well .
1 reminds me of a time as a child my lite brite favorite toy .
1 nowadays it is rare to see any kids have them over here in colorado
1 yes i love to dance classes once a week 21
1 what kind of dance is it ?
1 hip hop get down and hip in the times man old school real stuff
1 sounds like it is really fun !
1 real kids on the block i love getting down and hip
1 cool ! have you seen them live !
1 no i cant see anymore i just move with the flow
1 oh , they must be a great band !
call_id_236
0 hi , where are you from , i am currently living in canada
0 i live in hollywood . in a very expensive house
0 whoa , wish i lived there , i did not even finish high school
0 that is okay i did not either . i just found a boy toy to buy me nice things
0 nice , boy toys are fun , i am actually in the army now
0 that is very impressive ! what do you do in the army ?
0 sanitation department , nothing special , i got in because my grandfather was in world war 2
0 what an honorable man . connections are all that matter in this world
0 not really , i am overweight , my best food in the arm is shwarma
0 hopefully being in the army is a good diet . i love to diet
0 my best food in the army is shawarma
0 that does not sound fun . if i go 1 week without caviar i would die
0 yeah i use caviar when i go fishing , that is about it .
0 honestly its kinda gross , but it costs a lot which makes me want to buy it
0 nice things cost money , get your boyfriend to buy it , if he buys you hollywood houses
0 that is why i love him
call_id_237
0 are you as fired up about winter coming as i am ?
0 winter is very lonely though
0 if you are lonely get a cat . i have two of those .
0 cats are good but unsure if my bees would like
0 i have a huge hat collection including a beekeeper hat for cats .
0 great what is your favorite type of hat
0 my favorite are baseball hats . i have at least six hundred of those .
0 quite the collector my wife has as many heels
0 back in 1992 i collected a hat from every olympic team .
0 love the games we root for italy
0 italy is awesome . the best vanilla ice cream i ever tasted was from italy .
0 vanilla is a favorite , real gelato is my weakness
1 do you like sports ? i had an athletic career a long time ago .
1 i loved tennis in my younger days
1 do you remember the 1992 olympic womens doubles match ?
1 yes gigi and mary joe heck of a game
call_id_238
0 do you like britney spears ?
0 i am not familiar with her music , i am only 23 .
1 do you make a lot of money ? i just got back from the tanning salon !
1 no i do not . i travel a lot and take on odd jobs .
1 where do you travel too ? i just dumped my ex for traveling too often .
1 anywhere with delicious food . i am a big foodie , although i am a lousy cook .
1 what kind of foods do you enjoy ? i love cooking but never do it
1 i love anything new . i try not to eat the same dish twice .
2 where do you draw your line of morality you paint so vividly ?
2 i actually do not paint . do you ?
2 quite often i find it a good source of meditation . do you meditate ?
2 i do meditate , but not as often as i should . it helps me de stress .
3 have you ever looked into meta cognition ?
3 no i have not . what is that ?
call_id_239
0 hello . do you walk the road of spirituality ?
0 not really i tend to walk the road to the nearest shopping mall ! lol
0 understandable friend . the materialistic life has its appeal .
0 unfortunately for me that means my home is filled with shoes and clothing . you ?
0 my home is filled with only the essentials for survival .
0 you sound very centered . i like my life , my family doesn t seem to .
0 perhaps . but i live a life of solitude . i miss family .
0 i like solitude too . maybe that s why i m infatuated with time and watches .
0 time given physical form is indeed intriguing . but meditation is my infatuation .
0 isn t meditation just like napping ?
0 spiritual napping . full time spiritual napping . it has been three months since i talked in fact .
0 i have to talk . i work at a discount watch dealer . time out . heard of them ?
0 i have not . no watch dealers out here in the tundra .
0 we ship anywhere . our motto is tick tick , losing track of time is sick
0 i respect that dedication . but i must go . the bears have breached my homestead fence .
0 lol , i must go too . the imelda marcos shoe collection on qvc is on
call_id_240
0 i drive a german car , what kind of car do you drive ?
0 i drive my boyfriends ford raptor .
0 never heard of the ford raptor .
0 it is a truck . i blast old school rap when i drop him off for work .
0 i see , must be a powerful vehicle , do you know the engine size ?
0 i do not . i wrecked my mustang , and have not replaced it yet .
0 i plan on selling my bmw to go to school .
0 i take dance lessons . what are you going to school for ?
0 i like to study business
1 what was your favorite toy growing up ? mine is the lite brite .
1 i enjoyed playing with model cars .
1 my dad built those . he still has them .
1 interesting , i do not have mine , anymore .
1 some of his go back 40 years .
call_id_241
0 hello , how are you tonight
0 i am in just got in from walking my dog . how are you ?
0 i am very well , thank you for asking . i am going for a walk later .
0 will you be walking alone ?
0 no , my husband will be going with me . we like to explore our city .
0 that sounds fun . what do you and your husband do ?
0 i give music lessons and do volunteer work . he is a detective .
1 wow , that is so interesting . i play pro tennis .
1 i have never played , is it hard ?
1 not really no just have to focus . hard to play being pregnant though .
1 oh , lucky you . congrats ! we have teens .
1 thank you this , is my third . nervous about the teen years . is it hard ?
1 teens are crazy , i swear they need more supervision than toddlers .
1 oh my , how old are they ?
1 the boys are 15 16 , our girl is 14 . all are honor students , but sometimes .
1 how do you handle them dating ?
call_id_242
0 hello there , how are you today ?
0 i am doing great i just got an apartment
0 that is wonderful , you should decorate with some pretty roses !
0 hmm would you mean live roses in a vase or paint them on the wals ?
0 i would prefer live roses , i have a garden full of them !
0 i wis i could grow stuff but too busy going to college
0 does your new apartment have a nice sun room to sit out and drink fancy tea ?
0 nope very small studio since i am going to college
1 you should use any spare time to go to a museum , you might see me !
1 do work work there or just go to enjoy it . . ?
1 i am the best tour guide around !
1 nice you can exercise while you work
1 oh are you into fitness type things ?
1 not really i get my exercise working in a bar to pay for school
call_id_243
0 hello ! you like tupac or new kids on the block ?
0 i liked new kids on the block when i was a kid in the 90s !
0 i was born in 1981 . i take dance lessons too .
0 i cannot dance at all . but i can wrestle !
0 i can not wrestle . i am afraid i would break something .
0 i , being a professional wrestler , have broken a few bones . . .
0 i bet . is it really dangerous , like portrayed on tv ?
0 no , it is all fake . you only get hurt if you are not paying attention .
0 i would get hurt a lot , with my adhd
0 i see , do you take any medication for that ?
0 no , it is entirely diet controlled .
0 wow , so you like avoid certain foods or something ?
0 i do . i had to go to a nutritionist . i also take fish oil .
0 do you think it is working ?
1 i do . what else do you like to do ?
1 i volunteer at a shelter . i was homeless once , i want to give back
call_id_244
0 hello ! how are you today ?
0 very well , now that the wife and kiddos are in bed .
0 do you have a big family ?
0 we have three kiddos , so there is never any ice cream in the house .
0 you should start hiding it ! i come a large family and i sometimes do the same .
0 i tried hiding it in the peas , but my wife found it .
0 maybe you will need to sneak off to the ice cream shop alone sometimes .
0 its easily done on the way to clients houses , plumbers are always on the go .
0 there are not any ice cream shops near me , i live in a very small town .
1 we go on the way to the parks too , in the next town .
1 that sounds great ! do you live in a large city ? that is my dream .
1 i do not . i live in the country , with dogs , kids and chaos .
1 i live on a big horse farm , i was born and raised here .
1 that would be amazing . i love horses .
1 they are amazing animals . honestly , i prefer them over most people .
1 i prefer animals over most people too .
call_id_245
0 hi , how are y o u ?
0 hello . i am on a diet , so i am hungry ! !
0 drink lots of water , it helps big time
0 i do , as well as spending a lot of time in my tanning bed .
0 cool , my wife loves to tan
1 i have been told i am as high maintenance as britney spears , and we look alike .
1 well i am very low maintenance , i work as a plumber lol
1 my husband is a cop , i do not work . only spend his money .
2 must be nice . do you have kids ?
2 we do not . thankfully , i would not have this body if i did .
2 i have three and my wife is still hot
3 i work out three hours a day , i am trying to break into acting .
3 good luck with t h a t
3 thank you . we live in south florida , so it is stiff competition .
call_id_246
0 hello how are you doing
0 i am well . where are you from ?
0 i am from new york . how about you ?
0 i am from florida . do you have any family
0 i have my parents . how about you ?
0 my wife and i have two children and three dogs
0 you have a pretty full house .
1 we do indeed . do you like sports ? i love the nfl and nba
1 i like college ball . i also like nascar .
1 what college team is your favorite ? i like north carolina myself
1 i like usc a lot
1 coach enfield is a bum !
1 ha ha . not a fan i see .
1 yeah i think he will go down in this latest scandal
1 we all have our opinions lol
1 yes we do . mine are usually the best
call_id_247
0 hi , just got back from tending my bees !
0 oh , hi you must be buzzing ? my dogs are afraid of bees .
0 ha , i love dogs , but my italian wife does not !
0 no bees for me , it is a scary way to die . an allergic reaction .
1 i understand , i am glad i am not allergic to papaya , i eat a lot of it !
2 it is a healthy fruit . i love baked goods it is my heaven .
2 my mom used to bake , but i do not see her anymore .
2 sorry to hear that . my mom knitted and passed it on to me .
2 that is great , could you knit something for my wife ?
2 sure , christmas is near so scarfs are in the works for the family .
2 she models clothing , so she may wear it on the runway !
2 that sounds great , i always dreamed about my creations on the catwalk .
2 i think your scarfs would look wonderful !
2 there are very unique and one of a kind i will send you pictures .
call_id_248
0 i stroll up and down the street .
0 that is cool i do a lot of walking as a kindergarten teacher
0 i enjoy the great outdoors and being in the water .
0 do you do a lot of hiking ?
0 yes and boating . love being outdoors and reading .
0 oh what is your favorite book ? mine is the hunger games .
0 i read do self help guides and journals .
0 those can be very good for improving oneself .
0 yes and learning new abilities you have for yourself . you realize you have unknown abilities .
0 i know what you mean , i am improving singing .
0 that is wonderful finding your internal self through singing , i do that while floating on my kayak .
0 recently i have been singing alot of taylor swift .
0 i love her songs , my mom taught me to always be all i could be .
0 yeah , i feel like she has grown quite a bit as musician .
call_id_249
0 hi there ! how are you today ?
0 hey ! i am fine , thanks . just got back from work . how are you ?
0 pretty good . i just got back from the gym . i go there all the time .
1 i should go . i work at burger king , and the food is making me gain weight .
1 i like the treadmill and rowing machine the best . they might work for you .
1 cool , thanks ! my parents have a treadmill i can use , but i really want to move out .
1 do you only live with your parents ? i have two dogs myself .
1 oh nice ! and yes , i do . they are always on my back , though .
1 well , that is not cool . they need to give you some room .
1 i agree . i do not even drink , or do drugs , or anything .
2 what do you look like ? i have short black hair and blue eyes .
2 i am a pretty average looking 19 year old .
2 ah , i am a bit older than you . you sound like an interesting person though .
2 you , too ! i should probably get going , but it was great to talk to you !
2 great to talk to you too !
2 oh , actually , i have a little time .
call_id_250
0 how are you ? my life is a mess that i hate .
0 i am okay , i miss people , but i am not allowed on the computers .
0 really i wonder why , but i may be bitter as i am divorced .
0 i am in juvie , they do not permit us on the computers .
0 oh ok , i need it for my salesman job .
1 my mom is visiting in the morning , it is the first time i have seen her .
2 oh wow , how old are you ? i am 40 .
2 17 , i took my boyfriends auto theft charge , he has a record , i do not .
3 oh ok , i guess you type so slow because you never use computers ?
3 i do not type slow , .
3 oh ok it must be my computer than .
4 must be . are you having bad weather tonight ?
4 no not at all , clear skies tonight .
5 i do not know then . i was a hacker before i was sentenced to juvie .
5 oh wow , i would rather do that than my job .
5 my dad taught me when i was young .
call_id_251
0 blonde hair and blue hair describe me
1 hey , i am 8 and a big third grader that loves the playground .
2 on the weekdays i work at a bar to pay for college . nice
2 my friends and i sing the frozen songs but mickey is my hero . what college ?
3 my best friend and i got a luxury apartment
4 disney world is my favorite place to go with my family .
5 we are both becoming nurses
6 i have a long time before i get to live away from home .
7 chicken is something we do not like
7 a nurse sounds like a great job . i love everything chicken .
8 yeah most people do without blue letters to the left
9 i wish it was not raining out so me and my friends could go to the playground .
9 very cool sounds fun and cool
9 being 8 , my only worry is will the teacher catch the passing of the note .
9 nice very cool cool cool
9 i bet you have a lot to worry about .
call_id_252
0 hi how are you doing ?
0 i am enjoying a burger and fries , you ?
0 i just ate a sandwich tonight it was good too .
0 yum ! i love eating in my house with my boyfriend
1 me too my hair is growing how is yours ?
2 but i never drink soda , that stuff is terrible for you !
2 yes it is but i drink it i love soda .
2 i have heard soda makes your hair grow fast
2 i love to work out do you
3 soda is also great for cleaning toilets ! !
3 i will have to try that later sounds cool .
4 working out is ok , kinda fun if you like that
4 yes i love to ride the bikes .
4 i ride my bike to go get burgers and fries !
call_id_253
0 hi am going to college and art is my major ,
0 that sounds lovely . i work as a waitress from time to time for extra money .
1 two times a year i visit europe since i have descended from christopher columbus .
1 i love celebrating columbus day !
2 wonderful . i just love fish and chips . it is my weakness . i love to cook paella
2 i am not much into cooking . i do ride motorbike though .
2 do you know what paella is ? neither do i .
2 yes , it is a mixture of ingredients kind of thrown in one pan .
2 well i do not know why i love to cook it . it does not sound very tasty .
2 i do like meat and rice , but i do not go for things like snails or oysters .
2 yuck . . . snails . i would never eat a snail .
3 you are funny ! did you ever ride motorbike ? i love it !
3 no , i never have . i would die if i did . i just know it .
3 well i do wear a helmet to keep from brain injury !
3 that is good unless your head falls off . what then ?
3 well , i am hoping to keep my head !
call_id_254
0 hi , how are you ?
0 terrible , there are scorpions everywhere . please send help .
1 i am a musician . one day i hope to make it big .
1 i play banjo in the band i formed with my fellow postal workers .
1 my husband is a postal worker . my parents are not supportive of my dream .
2 why have you not sent help ? ! the scorpions are stinging my legs ! ree ! ! ! ! ! ! !
2 i sing , play the banjo and the guitar . am a custodian to pay the bills .
2 dad i am sorry i did not support your nascar dream ! these scorpions are my punishment
3 i will sing my favorite folk music . it will help to calm in your distress .
3 the pain from these scorpions is unending , everything is turning grey
3 i agree , you are being punished for not supporting your loving father .
4 i see the light , dad . i am coming . i will be in the passenger seat dad
5 i am singing happy folk song music in rejoice .
6 oh god why is there fire , why is there fire ? this is not nascar
6 are the scorpions gone at least ?
6 there are scorpions everywhere ! ! ! seas of scorpions for miles in all directions ! ree ! ! !
call_id_255
0 i just had the best workout ! time to wash my clothes .
0 so did i just came back from it and eating a papaya
0 i love fruit . papaya turns my favorite color when it is ripe .
1 its my fave fruit . i do not have family close by
1 where do you live ? i move around a lot to compete in the olympics .
1 names george by the way , and am married to a super model from italy
2 i am leigh ! do you like gymnastics ?
2 no but i became a bee farmer
2 that is a really neat job . do you get stung ?
2 some times but that is why i wear the bee suit t
2 i would way rather workout than get stung by bees . you are brave .
2 haha most do , which i can understand
2 i would like some honey though . do you sell it ?
2 sure you can always purchase on my website
2 or i can trade you honey for tickets to the upcoming olympics i am in .
2 we can go for a trade that sounds awesome
call_id_256
0 hello . how are you doing ?
0 good . what is your job ?
0 i work on old cars . how about you ?
0 i am retired and used to teach gym in school .
1 do you have any hobbies in retirement ?
1 i often volunteer at a local soup kitchen .
2 that is kind of you . do you have any pets ?
2 i do not have any pets .
2 i love both my dogs very much .
2 i like cheeseburgers almost as much as you love your dogs !
2 that is a bold statement to make !
2 i must be bold because i grew up in a poor household .
3 fortune favors the bold . do you like music ?
3 i like the music in the war documentaries that i enjoy watching .
3 my favorite music to listen to is country .
3 do you attend concerts often ?
call_id_257
0 hi , how are you today ?
0 good . tired . i had to walk my three dogs .
1 i love dogs ! do you know the game starcraft ?
1 i do . i have not played it tho .
1 i designed parts of it , i am a popular twitch streamer .
1 oh very cool . i go on twitch for my pot farm updates .
1 pot farm updates ? like a real pot farm ?
1 no , the game pot farm .
1 oh , i do not know of it . sounds fun though lol
1 it is a cool game . i play it daily .
1 i am going to have to look it up .
2 right on ! i own a dog walking service .
2 that sounds so fun and like perfect exercise .
2 it is a lot of hard work .
2 since you have your own dogs it must be easy .
2 it is now . it was harder when i first started .
call_id_258
0 hi there how are you doing ?
0 i am doing well . how are you ?
0 good just tired from painting my room purple with lime green
1 wow that sounds pretty . do you live with family ?
1 yes atleast for 2 more years till i graduate high school
1 cool ! my older sister lives with me right now .
2 so what are your likes and dislikes
2 i love travis scott and playing basketball !
3 is he not the one having a baby by k jenner
3 you are correct , he is !
3 i feel like her sister is more pretty
3 my mom , who is a dentist , hates all of them !
3 haha yea so does mine
4 what is your dream career ? i am looking for employment at a restaurant .
4 ceo of my own beauty products
4 wow ! that is a very lofty dream .
call_id_259
0 hi how are you today
0 i am great today just bought my first house , you ?
0 that is exciting ! i am just updating my twitter status . i am doing great
1 happy for you , just making my meals for the meal , it is tough being an omnivore .
1 i will only eat organic food it took some getting use to but i love it now
1 i am trying to eat healthy because i am pregnant .
1 oh wow congrats ! your life most be very exciting now
1 i do my best for sure , have twins on the way in two months .
1 aww are they both boys or girls ?
1 both girls ! i can not wait to meet them !
1 i bet . the highlight of my life is looking around the internet .
1 do you do anything else for fun ?
1 not really i do go to feminist rallies a lot
1 sounds like quite an exciting life you live .
1 it can be at times but social media makes me feel better
1 i just want to live a happy life with my children .
call_id_260
0 hello , how are you this morning ?
0 i survived cancer for 3 years ! ! i am cancer free ! !
0 how cool ! congratulations ! you should come watch me wrestle .
0 yeah sure ! i run marathons i am preparing one for this summer
0 i run as well as put a lot of time on the weights .
0 that is awesome i am also a clean eater
0 i am on a raw diet . have you tried it ?
0 no i have never tried raw diet before
1 you may like it . do you volunteer ? i do at a shelter .
1 no but i have a new job as a life coach
1 that is awesome too , you should stop by the shelter .
2 my parents are extremely athletic
2 what do they do ? are they pros ?
3 i started my new job yesterday i really like it so far .
4 what do they do ? are they pros ?
4 they are heath coaches
call_id_261
0 hello ! my name is johny i am four years of age . how are you ?
0 hi ! pleased to meet you . i am great , just baking cookies at home . my favorite hobby !
0 oh my favorite hobby is to look at blocks of stone and sing about the alphabet !
0 that is so unique ! knitting is another deep passion of mine .
1 mom said i can be anything so i will become a dog when i am older . you ?
1 i hope to open a business . like the countrywide bake sale i am now at !
2 my favorite food is chocolate candy , do you bake any chocolate pastry ?
2 no , i avoid chocolate in case my dog gets into my treats
3 dogs ! i love dogs so much ! what is your dogs name ?
3 i named my dog ralph . do you have any pets ?
3 i have a cat named mittens !
3 that is so precious . how long have you had your cat ?
3 i have had it for one year , my mom gave it to me as a present !
3 what a great gift ! i once gave my sister a goldfish .
call_id_262
0 hiya , i do not see many people as i live on a farm owned by my parents
0 yeah i live at a farm in colorado as well so i do not see many people .
1 wow coincidence ! i actually have a trade electrician you ?
1 i work as a mechanical engineer , mostly on farm equipment and trucks .
2 lots in common ! what music do you like ? county is my fave
2 i do not listen to much music , i spend my free time rock climbing .
3 more active than me i drive everywhere in my big truck . do you drive ?
3 yeah i drive sometimes to my parents to see my dog called trooper .
3 aww , i do not have pets except the animals on the farm my parents have
3 he is a black labrador retriever , saved my life when i was a kid . what animals ?
3 amazing what is his name ? sheep mostly
4 his name is trevor , anyway i gotta go soon , it was nice chatting with you !
4 unusual name , but glad he saved you so we could chat !
4 see you later partner , good luck with your farm !
4 and you , both out in the country
4 okay , time to part ways now , see ya !
call_id_263
0 hello ! how are you doing today ?
0 i am good ! i just finished a book ! i read 1 every week
0 ah that is great . nothing like a good book !
0 yeah ! and i really enjoy a good documentary
1 i do not have so much time anymore , just moved in a new house .
2 congrats ! i just started my new pa job 3 months ago !
2 oh i do not have a job yet , just finished my economy major .
3 that is good though ! i am about to have my first child ! i am pregnant
3 oh congrats ! i am married as well and got two kids !
3 nice ! i just have my husband and we live in pa
4 sorry i gotta go so soon , i am on a strict raw diet and have to eat !
4 interesting ! good luck with that !
4 it was nice talking to you , good luck with your pa job !
4 thank you very much you too !
call_id_264
0 hi . i am home on facebook since i don not work today .
1 hi . i live in the country , raise horse but i want to move to the big city .
1 i use to live in the country with my wife .
1 i want to move to the big city and be a lawyer .
2 my wife left me . she took our children .
2 i am so sorry to hear that .
2 i am so overweight and very unhappy .
2 maybe you should change your lifestyle . start exercising .
2 i do not believe in god , maybe that is the problem .
3 is there anything good in your life ?
3 i got a new job in a nursing home .
3 well , that is good . do you enjoy the work ?
3 i did actually . maybe this is what i need .
4 i hope things get better for you . maybe you should spend time with some horses .
4 that sounds nice . do you have horses ?
4 born and raised on a horse farm . spent my entire life with horses .
call_id_265
0 hey there , how are you ?
0 i am doing well thank you how are you ?
0 i am good thank you
1 how old are you ? i am in my mid thirties .
1 i am a bit older , i am 46
2 are you married ? i m single but i have two dogs .
2 no i am single , my ex cheated on me with a lawyer !
2 oh no ! that is why i just stay to myself . i do not like cheaters .
2 i became very insecure and now spend most of my time inside
3 you should learn to play chess . i really like it .
3 my passion is music , i have my own studio
3 how nice ! do you sing ?
3 no , i am a recording engineer
3 that sounds interesting . i like to sing .
call_id_266
0 hi friend how are you this night ?
0 hi , i just spray painted my hair rainbow color , am i weird ?
0 no ! lots of people do things like that .
1 yeah , do you like animals ? i am know to be a animal activist
2 a little . i am from canada and i just joined the army .
3 let me guess , your grandfather was in ww2 ?
3 no he was in world 1 . how about you grandfather ?
4 he was in ww2 , how old are you ?
4 i just turned 31 last month . and got a new car .
4 cool , i am too old for me to even say , what kind of car did you get ?
4 i got a volvo s 40 . and i am liking it .
5 cool , i spend most of my time watching birds with my cats
5 nice you have cats ? what color fur ?
5 they are black and orange
5 that is really cool i like cats .
5 cool , tell me something interesting about yourself
call_id_267
0 good day how are you
0 how are you doing today
0 i am good listening to music , playing some video games . how about you ?
0 i am doing very well
1 that is good . are you married ?
2 yes and have two animals
2 what kind of animals ? i love taking my dog for runs to stay in shape .
2 they are cats . they do not like being outside
2 i had one but she tore up all my favorite band t shirts and ruffle sleeved tops .
2 that would be so bad
2 yes now i have nothing but sweaters to wear with my skinny jeans and leggings .
2 well at least something fits
3 what do you do for a living ?
3 the olympic training and suh
3 wow is that hard ? i just make youtube videos about gaming .
3 yeah it is sometimes . yours sounds more difficult
call_id_268
0 hello there ! my name is larry and i love to cook .
0 haha nice to meet you larry . what kind of food ?
0 i am an american chef that also loves fishing .
0 oh that is cool . i only eat organic kinds of food
0 that is great ! i spend all my time out of the kitchen on the water .
0 haha awesome . i use the internet a lot . especially twitter
0 i have never been on twitter . i read comics though . still life twitter .
0 oh man its awesome . i am always up to date with gossip
0 maybe you can fill me in on what i am missing ?
0 well i am a bit of a feminist . and us women are about to raise hell
0 oh dear ! what is the hot topic right now ? do not say trump !
0 its def trump . he is a racist anti women anti god anti dogs , he hates rabbits
0 he hates air if it is not making him money . he will not last longer .
0 yea us women are gonna go on twitter and tell everyone how racist he is
0 maybe i will login and follow some of the action .
1 maybe you should . i need a organic chicken salad so bad
call_id_269
0 hiya , just wondering if you have any hobbies ? i love skateboarding
0 i love listening to the who .
0 cool group . i am not into music much , i do not have much time
1 do you work a lot ? i work at a local supermarket here in ohio .
1 no , i do not seem to have a job just skateboarding with all my friends !
2 are you able to travel ? i ve never let ohio .
2 i like travel and follow rob dryden around . would you like to travel
2 yes . i want to go to chicago for black olive pizza . my fave .
3 my fave too ! always hungry after skateboarding . what else do you like ?
3 my kitty spook . do you like cats ?
3 not much , they run in front of my skateboard good job i wear a hat !
3 what kind of hat do you wear ?
4 helmets , like rob dryden when skating . do you like fashion ?
4 eh , not so much i guess .
4 there are lots of choices . do you wear a uniform to work ?
4 yes i do . khaki pants and blue polo shirts . boring , but it s a job .
call_id_270
0 hey sonny , want to rent a book ?
0 i am still learning to read english . i am somali .
0 oh . . no want wants a book . . . i should just retire .
0 i do like dancing . do you have any books on dance ?
0 i do , but they are all in spanish . i got them in spain you see .
0 why were you in spain ? i was in somalia until my aunt help me escape .
0 i was searching the world for books . spain has a lot of them .
1 spain sounds lovely ! in somalia i was being forced to marry someone i hated . . . .
1 in all my sixty years i never did see a library in somalia . how tragic .
1 do not get me wrong , not all of somalia is bad , just . . . restricted . . . for women .
2 is it true the age expectancy is 13 ?
2 it all depends . some of us are lucky and it is why i live in the us now .
3 i feel like this newfangled internet will force me to retire in a few years .
3 so funny ! i only found it a few years ago and it opened my world .
call_id_271
0 hi how is your day going ?
0 hi mine is going very slow how is yours ?
0 i am busy volunteering at a homeless shelter .
0 having three dogs keeps me busying cleaning my house .
0 cleaning house must be a great workout . i love working out several times a week
0 it is a great work out .
1 cool where do you work ?
1 i am a homemaker you ?
1 professional wrestler here . that is why i workout so much
1 i thought i would always be a door to door salesperson as my father was .
1 ah cool you must love being around people too . we have that in common
1 yes i do one of the reason i am in a poly amorous relationship
2 that is awesome . what do you do in your spare time ?
2 i love hiking or being in the outdoors how about you ?
2 i volunteer whenever i am able .
2 i love to volunteer as well .
call_id_272
0 hi ! i have dreams of being a big musician . what are your dreams ?
0 hello , i am living mine as a life coach !
0 nice . when i am not singing , playing piano or guitar , i am a custodian .
0 the custodian at the hospital where i did chemotherapy was very nice .
1 are your parents supportive ? mine are not when it comes to my dreams .
1 not unless it is sports related .
2 folk is my favorite type of music . what is yours ?
2 i prefer metal . i do love rap too .
3 so do i . i am eating sushi for lunch , what about you ?
3 fruits and some vegetables , anything that is clean .
4 i am a clean eater as well . do you exercise ? i do and i love it .
4 i do . i am a runner , i do all of the run disney races .
4 interesting . i never heard of those races . sounds like fun .
4 they are . i like to dress up in costume while running .
call_id_273
0 hello how are u tonight
0 man i am starving ! can i tell you something embarrassing ?
0 sure i am a good listening male
0 ok . the backseat of my pinto was filled with donuts . i ate them all waiting in traffic
1 i love donuts do u own a house
1 then i ate another 3 dozen while playing dungeons and dragons
2 i own a house in miami florida and i enjoy sports
2 wait you own a house in miami ? that is insane ! expensive dude . hang on . i see a donut
3 i have a small bulldog and my son is 11 years old
3 what the heck ? this donut is as hard as a rock . dang it . a bulldog huh
4 i work in it and have been for 15 years do u work
4 i just licked the sugar off and threw it out the window you work in what ?
4 i work in it and have been for 15 years do u work
4 what the heck do you work in ? i found a soft donut ! my lucky day
4 i work for a computer company what is your job
4 i am in an insane band and do side hustles
call_id_274
0 hi , i am planning my lesson for class tomorrow .
0 awesome me too ! what do you teach ? i teach piano .
0 i teach science . i love gardening and the outdoors . so science is the best .
0 i like the outdoors also , especially exploring new places that i have not seen before .
0 yes , that is me also . i go on trips with my church group every summer .
1 that is good ! i do not attend church but i help out at the homeless shelter .
1 how nice of you . our church group does many charitable services .
2 that is nice ! i wish i had time ! what do you do for fun ?
2 i love to research flowers and plan my flower beds . i also have several indoor plants .
2 awesome ! i practice my instruments , i play a few . i guess i took after my dad .
3 i have a sensitive plant . my class loves it . what is your favorite instrument ?
3 whats that ? violin , my dad was a professional . i guess that is why i love it .
3 it is a plant that closes when you touch it . i like a good violin .
4 oh ! sorta like a venus fly trap ? those are neat .
4 yes , sorta , but it does not eat bugs . look them up online . very cool .
4 i defiantly will ! its been nice talking to you tonight !
call_id_275
0 hey how are you today ?
0 hi i am doing great how are you today
0 eh , bumming i have to work today . it s a whopper day .
1 where do you work ? i do not work anymore i just stream on twitch
1 the burger king . i work for money and to get away from my nagging parents
1 that sounds like a good job . i used to design a videogame
1 i wish i could program stuff . my mind doesn t work that way
2 are you still in school ? i was an engineering major
2 i didn t want to go to college until i figured out what i want to do .
3 that is very smart to do . after i finished school i started avoiding people
3 i m 19 and all my friends went away to school . i m still at home avoiding parents !
3 you will figure out what you want to do soon enough .
3 you sound nice . it s not like i m an alcoholic or drug addict , just do have a passion
4 i am building a robot clone of myself so i do not have to go anywhere
4 that s impossible ! no way you can do that !
4 yeah i am very talented when it comes to technology i am even famous
call_id_276
0 good day how are you today ?
0 doing just fine . just pulled some cookies out of the oven . smells heavenly .
0 sounds good , i just returned from a hike so cookies would be great right now
0 oh man . i bet my dogs would love going hiking . just not my thing though .
0 small world , i have a black lab and his name is trooper , what is your dogs name ?
0 i have a german shepherd named king and an english bulldog named major .
1 awesome , what do you do for a living ?
1 i actually a professional baker . what about you ?
1 that is why you made cookies ! my trade is mechanical engineer and i am in colorado
1 i like being a baker . but i much prefer the county bake sale . love the competition .
1 i bet you will do great , i will stick to rock climbing
2 i have always wanted to visit colorado . is it as beautiful as it is on tv ?
2 i think so , the mountains are covered in snow , where are you located ?
2 i live in central virginia . lived here all my life . it is beautiful . but normal for me .
2 is there a hobby you have besides baking ?
2 my wife , my dogs and my baking are the loves of my life .
call_id_277
0 hello ! how are you doing today ?
1 i just reached the age of majority , i can vote !
2 that is awesome ! what kind of music do you like ?
2 every kind . what about you ?
2 i like classical and gospel . i sing at church .
3 my favorite gospel singer is elvis presley . he looks like my pet fish
3 that is funny ! my sister is an entertainer . she dances on poles .
4 that must hurt . how old are you ?
5 i am 25 . i live on a farm and drive a red tractor .
5 a red tractor ? i love red tractors
6 yes . it is my favorite color . how old are you ?
7 i just turned 18 . we should get married and drive a red tractor
7 that is sweet ! i am already married , though .
8 so am i . but we could go hiking and look at the sunset
8 i love hiking ! and sunsets . i see amazing sunsets from my tractor .
8 lol i wish your tractor was orange . then it would match my wig
call_id_278
0 hello . do you live in united states ?
0 yes i do . where are you from ?
0 my nationality is from somalia
1 that is very interesting . what do you do for fun ?
1 i play games with my husband .
1 that is great . what games do you play ?
2 video games usually . you live in united states all your life ?
2 i have lived in the persian gulf but i am from west virginia . what about yourself ?
2 i came after my aunt helped me escaped somalia when i was young
3 i am glad you are safe . are you happy where you are now ?
3 yes i am . i learned to love my husband that i had to marry .
3 i wish you could have have a choice in marriage . are you sure you are happy ?
3 yes . anything is better than somalia . thank you for asking
4 i am glad you are living a better life . what kind of music do you listen too ?
call_id_279
0 hi ! i am eating some raw spinach salad for lunch . you ?
0 sounds yummy , i am feeding horses , my lunch is later
0 cool ! my wife and kids love horses
1 i have three horses , how many children do you have ?
1 two kids . they love our new house . you have kids ?
1 not yet , just got married and pretty busy on the farm
2 nice . i have been studying farmers finances as part of my economics major
2 wow , complicated field that is changing everyday
2 definitely . i try to keep my brain sharp by eating a raw diet
2 me too , lucky to be on the farm , do you find your health improved ?
2 i do . i make sure to relax too by seeing the rolling stones once a year
2 great band ! i always have some rock playing while i work
3 do you work elsewhere besides the farm ?
3 not during harvest , my father needs full time help , you ?
3 i am a full time college student right now while my wife supports us
3 that is great , building a family takes time , good luck
call_id_280
0 hi , how are you ? sitting here with my beautiful shepherd .
0 hey ! german shepherd ? i am feeling pretty crappy right now .
0 yes ! when i am down , i pick up my coloring book . i love them !
0 my wife spends so much money on those coloring books
0 my husband had a hard early life , then adopted , so he lets me get whatever !
1 how long have you been married ? my wife and i are separating soon .
1 so sorry . 5 years . and we live in the boondocks .
2 i wish i lived in the boondocks but i have to stay close to my crappy job .
2 yeah , well , we are farmers . sometimes it is a hard life .
2 that sounds better than what i do selling cars .
3 oh , yeah , i would not like that . we have sheep , horses and german shepherds .
4 do you have kids too ?
4 two kids . and they like to color , too !
4 we have 2 kids too and they like to spend all my money
5 kids are good at that ! what about pets ?
5 we have a parrot who can be quite obnoxious .
call_id_281
0 hi there , i decided to pack up my belongings and move here from germany .
0 hello . that sounds fun , except i would move to the beach .
0 the beach is nice , but i am not very good at swimming .
1 do you play board games ? they are mine and my kids favorites .
1 i do play board games , but i enjoy more excitement like rollercoasters and skydiving .
1 skydiving is fun . i also like to go to up concerts , they are my favorite .
2 i like concerts and i like watching cooking shows , what do you watch ?
2 mainly documentaries . i am a fan of the walking dead .
2 that is a great show ! i always make a batch of hummus and watch it .
2 hummus is great . i like the red pepper .
2 that is my favorite . i eat alot since i am a vegan .
2 i am a vegetarian , so i eat a lot of hummus as well .
2 that is great , we have that in common !
2 my parents were culinary teachers , they taught me to cook .
call_id_282
0 hi . i am building a robot to be my body double .
0 hello . tell me something about yourself .
0 i am a twitch streamer and famous at it
0 that sounds like a the easiest money every
0 very easy but i am allergic to water .
0 that must be the worst
0 i am a recluse . what about you ?
0 so i am but i am not
0 well that is good . i am very sleepy .
1 do you donate to charity ?
1 no i do not . i pay for college .
1 college is a scam ya
1 do you think so ? i would not be a teacher if i did not go
1 save your money , trust me
1 i already went and pay student loans now
1 what did you need the money for ?
call_id_283
0 hello ! i love to skateboard
0 hi there ! one of my sons loves to skateboard !
0 all of my friends like skateboarding too
0 it is popular . i enjoy baseball , i coach one of my sons little league team
0 i always wear a hat like little league
1 me too . hats are the best . hey , do you like to drink coffee ?
1 i broke my arm so i can not drink coffee
1 oh no . how did you break your arm ? ! ?
1 i fell off of my skateboard
1 bummer . can you still skateboard with a broken arm ?
1 yes . it is quite easy . the same
1 my son hurt his wrist once skateboarding . comes with the territory i suppose .
1 i agree . very dangerous sport
1 well i am off to relax with my evening glass of wine . cheers .
1 have a great night . i love you
1 you as well . love you too .
call_id_284
0 hi ! i just bought a house ! where do you live ?
0 congratulations ! i am still at home with my parents in texas
1 oh , so you do not have any children ?
1 nope ! i have not even graduated high school yet
2 oh . are you on the track team ?
2 no but i do love to ride horses
2 oh . i want horses , but i have a kid and am expecting twins so i am broke .
2 aw that is so wonderful ! congrats ! sorry you are broke though
3 i work as a bank teller so i guess i could always rob the place .
3 haha i would not suggest it !
3 what do you suggest i do ?
3 get famous ? i do not know
3 if i rob a bank i will be famous . then i can have double money ?
4 lol no ! i have strong ethics . i am even a vegan
4 oh . i am omnivorous . it is a dilemma .
4 i just love animals too much and factory farming is horrible
call_id_285
0 hello there , how are you ?
0 dude , like how are you , like totally ?
0 well , i have been online all day , pretty much like everyday
0 i am not so good , was with my buds and cracked up the elbow , totally
1 do you work from home ?
1 my hat flew off while i was skateboarding and i lost it , i do not work
2 wish i did . i hate the factory makes my hair grey . need to dye it again
2 it hurts and this cast smells like a dead monkey butt , seriously , what color hair ?
3 blonde , do you do roleplay games ?
3 boarding and friends is my life , even though they laughed when i fell , no games
3 not even dracula ? i hate blood though
3 blondes have more fun , but only if they skateboard , who is dracula ?
3 that guy with the fangs from romania who turns into a vampire
3 wow creepy gray haired factory person , like in lost boys ?
call_id_286
0 hi there , i am bob .
0 hi bob , i am mandi
0 i like that name , i am always on facebook .
1 me too now that i have been fired and got a new job .
1 god is not really real
1 to each their own , but i believe he is .
1 my children are gone now
1 i lost my mom at a young age
1 my wife took them all
1 sorry to hear that . i barely see my dad he is in the army
2 i am sorry , do you like to travel ?
3 i do , good thing too because i am now selling insurance to companies
3 maybe i could buy one and loose weight
3 sure ! i am trying to lose weight too
4 i am a nurse at a home
4 that is interesting it must be rewarding
call_id_287
0 hello there ! i am around the age of 13 years old ! how about you ?
0 i am 22 , i live in the us now , you
0 same . i take the bus to school , which is annoying .
0 you could get a car when you turn 16
0 where i live , i cannot drive yet .
0 well , you will be old enough soon
1 meanwhile , i usually play soccer and i play on the soccer team for my school
1 that is nice to hear , when i was your age i was married
2 are you indian by any chance ?
2 no i am from somalia
2 oh , okay . that is nice to know ! do you have brothers and sister ?
2 no only my aunt in america
2 oh , well i have parents , and a brother that is a little older than me
3 that is nice do you go on vacations
3 not a lot , mainly because i have vacation homework .
3 education is important , make sure you get good grades
call_id_288
0 good morning to you how are you today
0 i am well , glad to type to you . how are you ?
0 i am great i am in school and i am the queen of homecoming
1 that is good . i am a spiritual person , are you ?
1 yes i am i also make great grades
1 that is nice , i spend most days in reflection here .
1 that is so good . i am true good things will come your way
1 i believe so , the buddha has taught me well .
1 well say some extra prayers for me
1 i do not speak , i took a vow of silence .
1 oh that would be very hard for me
1 it has been three months now . i love it .
1 you are a strong person to do that
1 thank you . i am on a quest to be spiritually strong .
1 it sounds like you are headed in the right direction
1 i sit in lotus position and chant for hours . are you spiritual ?
call_id_289
0 organic food are good for health
0 i prefer italian . especially garlic bread .
1 in the fastest world all human are like shortcut to do work
2 that is interesting . what kind of sports do you play ? i like gymnastics .
2 its totally wrong its ending will be worst then ever
3 most likely . yes , what is your favorite color ?
4 i like boxing its all time favorite game to me
4 i won a gold metal in the olympics as a gymnast .
5 my favorite color is sky blue like ocean and sky
5 i really like the color yellow because it reminds me of flowers .
5 wow you are great dude
6 how often do you go to the gym ? i go four hours a day .
6 simple four times a week
7 that is cool . do you compete in any sporting events ?
7 no i like play video games only
7 i do not like to play video games . going outside is awesome .
call_id_290
0 am i alone in this chat room ?
0 i am here how are you ?
0 oh good , i was getting confused . i am doing good , how about you ?
0 i am good i am watching mean girls i love this movie
0 i love that movie as well . just watched it last weekend snuggled with my two pups .
1 awe i have a pug and a cat !
1 since i am single at the moment , my dogs are a valued distraction .
2 right ? i party a lot cause i am single and bored what do you do for fun
2 oh i love relaxing . bubble baths after a long day at work are just the best .
2 nice ! i do a lot of charity work like food banks do you ?
2 yes , i sometimes volunteer and teach chess to kids at the hospital .
3 any fears ? i am terrified of heights
3 i am only terrified of aging ! my thirties horrify me !
3 oh no ! i try to just live life and party right now !
call_id_291
0 i just came back from this monster party , i am so exhausted .
0 that sounds like fun ! i went out to dance over the weekend .
0 oh this weekend i had to cook 100 meals for the food bank
0 what a nice gesture . i take my dog to compete in agility classes .
0 oh you gave me a great idea , i have a cat and a dog which are lazy
0 do you ever dress them up ? i am not fashionable .
1 never tried it , but maybe i should . what is your favorite movie ?
1 i like forest gump , but i prefer books . i work at a bookstore .
1 mine is mean girls , it reminds me of the time i was in school with my girlfriends .
1 i studied chemistry in school , and yes girls were mean .
2 chemistry was my favorite subject , did you get bullied at all ?
2 no , but i did wear orange for bullying , but i hate that color .
2 ah yeah orange is way too bright for me , i prefer a light blue or black .
2 me too . i am not fashionable , but i avoid orange .
call_id_292
0 how are you doing today
0 hi . i am good . how are you ? tell me about yourself .
0 i used to be in the military . i like to help animals .
0 oh wow . thanks for serving . i am what you call a trust fund baby .
1 do you help charities with your money
1 i find that most charities are farce . i like to give directly
1 that is a great way to look at things
1 i love to spend and give , but i love to spend wisely .
1 that is the best way to be .
2 so do you have any musical preferences ? favorite artist , etc
2 i like r and b . how about you ?
2 i am into pop . moreso old school . do not laugh but i love britney spears .
2 oh boy . that is some stuff .
2 i know she has this valley girl thing going on , but she can really sing
call_id_293
0 i crave cheeseburgers . what food do you crave ?
0 fish and chips are my weakness .
1 i watch crime dramas and war documentaries . what are your favorite tv shows ?
1 anything that is a documentary of christopher columbus , he is a relative .
1 have you told many people about this relation ?
1 of course . it is no secret in my family , especially among my european relatives .
2 i help out at the local soup kitchen . do you volunteer too ?
2 i used to cook paella for a kitchen in spain .
2 i never heard of paella . what is it ?
2 it is a fish and seafood stew .
2 i bet it is delicious . do you eat shrimp too ?
2 yes , i do . i painted a shrimp portrait for art school last year .
3 that is interesting . how did your class project do ?
3 very well . it sold for a lot of money for charity .
4 i like to have close friends . how sociable are you ?
4 not very , i travel a lot and go to school full time .
call_id_294
0 hi how are you doing today ? what is something interesting about you
0 i am doing great . i have been shocked
0 are you ok , what shocked you
0 i work with electricity at work
0 yikes ! i am still in high school .
1 what do you want to do
1 i think i want to be a veterinarian . i ride horses and follow a vegan diet
1 i raise cattle and work
2 where are you living right now
2 in mississippi with my folks
2 do you live on a farm or ranch ?
3 well both i guess do you like animals
3 yes horses are my favourite but i also have a dog named ben
3 what is your dog like
3 he is a golden retriever who loves to run
3 bessie likes to do that too
call_id_295
0 hello ! what are you doing up so late ?
0 i am just listening to classical music
0 i am hanging out with my dog .
0 what is your dog breed
0 i have a black lab , do you have pets ?
0 no i do not have any pets
0 they really are great company , especially at night .
0 i am sure they are
1 what do you like to do for fun ?
1 i like to bike and read
1 so you are kind of outdoorsy , like me . i like to hike . i also like to read .
1 no i do not like the outdoor that much
1 where do you bike if not outdoors ?
1 i do bike outdoor
call_id_296
0 i think i am going to have pizza for lunch . i love pizza .
0 that is cool . i am grilling out today with i love to do .
0 you could grill my pizza ! i will put charlie in the car and come over .
1 great idea , then we can go gambling which i always do when i have time .
1 perfect . well , charlie is a dog . can he gamble too ?
2 heck why not ? plus i need to cut the grass which i love .
2 i love the smell . i can play the stereo in my honda while you mow .
2 that is funny . i am soo glad i came down south for the winter .
3 where are you from ? i am from where my favorite rapper is from .
3 down south where i have been retired for many years now .
4 i cannot wait to retire . i will trade in my 2015 civic for a cadillac .
4 maybe it will be possible if i will the big one gambling !
4 you will hit the big one ! then you can teach me .
4 that would be my pleasure !
4 perfect . then i can retire early and grill with you all day .
4 i would absolutely love that i need the company !
call_id_297
0 hello ! how are you doing this evening ?
0 i am good . i am practicing the hula .
0 may i know what is hula as this is the first time i am hearing .
0 it is a dance , traditional hawaiian dance .
0 wow i love to see traditional dance .
1 i am taking a trip there next month .
1 have fun ! how long are you going to stay ?
1 two weeks , i am excited . i love the beach .
1 i love the beach too . i love traveling .
2 where are you from ? not knowing the hula and all .
2 i am from macedonia but i am living in usa for over 10 years . what about you ?
2 i have always lived in the us . kind of boring story .
2 from which city are you ?
2 charleston south carolina . i have lived here my entire life .
call_id_298
0 hi , how are you doing ?
0 just eating , something i do when i am bored . what is up with you ?
0 not alot , i might go to church later
1 i will probably end up going to the gym . have any animals ?
2 no , i am only in college . what do you do ?
2 in between jobs right now so you can find me on the treadmill or rowing machine .
2 oh , nice ! i need to work out more .
3 what classes are you taking ? using the time off to hang out with my two dogs .
3 oh , nice i am majoring in art
3 that is cool . i have never been that creative for something like that ,
3 i became interested in it when i was in europe last year .
4 europe is actually where i decided to get short hair . very chic over there .
4 oh , awesome . did you have long hair previously ?
4 yes but it was very hard to keep up with . chopped it all off . what about you ?
call_id_299
0 hello . how are you today ?
0 hello ! i am doing great thanks ! just finished some studying .
0 i have been at the gym . what are you studying ?
0 i am studying art in college ,
0 are you a sculptor ? or a painter ?
0 i am actually a painter , but i am hoping to be an art teacher .
1 teaching is a great profession , i think . do you have any hobbies ?
1 i enjoy cooking , especially paella , and i like to travel .
1 i love to eat . i eat too much when i am bored , though . where have you been ?
2 mostly to europe . i go twice per year . christopher columbus is actually a distant relative .
2 wow . that is pretty impressive . how did you find that out ?
2 through one of those ancestry websites and stories passed down by my grandfather .
2 that is so cool . i do not think i am related to anyone like that .
3 sometimes we forget famous people are the same as you and i . do you have any hobbies ?
3 treadmill , rowing machine . . . i spend a lot of time at the gym
3 well , that is a great way to stay healthy . awesome for you !
call_id_300
0 hi , will you talk to me . i am all alone right now
0 hi , do you like taylor swift she is my favorite , what do you listen to ?
0 i like her ! i also like zane !
1 sure , i can talk to you . how old are you ? i am 24 .
1 i am 8 . but it is okay , because i have magic powers . i can stop time !
2 yes zane is good too , in spring i will get married just to let you know
2 wow ! that is great . who are you marrying ? can i come ! ! !
3 ha ha , that is so funny , do you eat out with friends ? i do .
3 no , since my house is in the cloud i do not get out much
4 sure , your parents will have to take you here , i am also a teacher in kindergarten
4 i am too old for kindergarten though !
4 that is a strange thing to say
4 yes , but i am young . i say weird stuff
4 well , you do not necessary have to
4 but life is way more fun if you do ! now you say something weird !
4 you can learn to say something nice and smart
